From streetside, this place seems to be nothing special, but step inside and it is instantly higher-class.
and I had to ask, " do I need to come in there?"
I was a weekly visitor to the bar, and quickly became friendly with the bartenders.
Nice smallish bar with around 20 taps and a good number of bottles to select from.
So, a nice spot to visit, and might be more to other peoples tastes than mine.
The service was ok but the waiter didn't know much about beer.
But what makes this my favorite is the staff.
They have wine and spirits, but I'm not into either so can't comment on those selections but based on the beer choices, I'd guess they are good.
Guess I didn't know the secret handshake.
It matches the vibe of the others in the building
Stopped in here after arriving in the bay area to check out the place since it wasn't far from my hotel.
Parking might be an issue if you go at peak times as it's a popular area.
Cross any bridge on the right river, and it's the stand alone in a strip of circle twice and then go hit the parking lot like you should have in the first place...
Next to the Alibi Room for sheer awesomeness in beer selection this is tops.
I couldn't help but notice that it's neighbor is an upper class restaurant that shoots mist at the people walking pass it.
They do half price apps from 2:30-5:00 m-f
I don't know of any other beer store in Houston with this amount of selection.
Great outdoor street facing space about a mile from downtown.
I visited Czann's when I was in Nashville a couple of weeks ago.
Visited on a Friday night - place seemed slow, but Highline is only a month or so old.
I thought the place was on average for pricing compared to the other places I stopped in Minneapolis.
Now to figure out how to fit these all in my one suitcase to bring home....
The hostess was a bit rude about this, especially since there were a bunch of tables in the back section of the place that were empty.
Worth a stop when you're in the Gultch neighborhood.
so when we visit them, the boys head out to Save-on.
Yet another one of those places I'd been meaning to hit up for quite some time.
The beer was outstanding, a great example of a refreshing Kolsch, while the service was easily above par.
The Scottish ale was too hoppy and masked the malt flavors that I was expecting from this style of beer.
There was a Firestone brewery TX debut here while I was in town, couldn't attend, but they tapped Abacus and Double Jack.
I was looking for a specific wyeast saison blend and a berliner weiss yeast and they had both in stock,
(maybe it was the night of the week), knowledgeable staff.
But it was a cool experience all and all.
They still had BCBS and also had it on tap for growler fills (2012).
The Rake, nearby, is a better bet for true aficionados, but this is still a good place to go for some food and some good beer choices.
So much stuff that it will take you a while to get a view of it all.
Any place that has PTE,Sculpin and Green Flash West Coast IPA on tap at same time is a hop heads heaven!!
and I was underwhelmed looking at the food
A little cramped at times (which is great for business!), this brewery mostly offers what it offers in bottles.
My mother, who was with me, is 84 but more capable physically than I am.
This tiny depot is the Indianapolis Proxy for selling Upland beers only.
On the weekend this place gets a little dead which is weird, but decent crowds during the week.
Olde Meck is tucked away in an industrial park.
Exposed brick and an area in which to see the brewery exists between the bar and the backroom.
I hope this place can get a little more popular so they can dedicate more shelf space to more selections of beer.
Friedrichshain was my favorite neighborhood in Berlin.
As I approached, I could not help but be struck by the back-lit bank of FVs that ran along Paradise Road.
Pretty decent selection along with shit beer and
Everyone else in the joint seemed well-behaved.
It is a great spot to rest and have a beer while walking around Granville Island.
They have a small parking lot in, which a great in this area of San Francisco.
, I was pleasantly surprised to come across here with a few friends one night.
A local vibe, great friendly service, fine beer (I had Darlin's IPA) and music.
This place is the best to buy all kinds of beer.
In town visiting and friend recommended we go.
Has more of a Restaurant feel than a brewery but all in all a cool experience.
We had a decent group and our waittress was happy to adjust as we switched tables and slowly added more and more people.
Very cozy, lots of wood - old wood - floor, bar, tables, chairs, walls, ceiling; rustic, but real.
and it seems like others had better service than I did.
The decor is very cool artsy rustic look.
The supplies and selection are solid, but not as robust as what you find down in Columbia's Maryland homebrew store.
It is an outside bar pretty much, with garage doors that can shut when it is cold.
if you are in the area, i would strongly encourage a visit here, it was one of our favorites from our trip, and a place i hope to make it back to.
First off I have to say that for a grocery store, they carry a very decent selection of imported and micro brew.
I especially like the second floor with its exposed brick walls, molded tin ceiling and worn wood floors.
Highly recommend for good beer good food for a casual night out!
far from being a warehouse they pack as much craft beer as possible in their space.
Over all worth seeing just to say you did it.
Situated in a "big old building"-hence the name, in downtown GR the BOB is in the middle of the action by the Van Andel Arena and some other hip local bars.
I brought two of them to the bar to pay and was charged $13.
It was a smaller location than some of the other Yard Houses I've been to, but it was equally modern and clean.
Having low expectations for an airport place, this New Belgium hub was a welcome plus in my book.
I had no problem finding beers I've liked before as well as new ones to try amongst the list of 10-12 on tap, and the bottle selection was very large and thorough.
That said, it is still my favorite place to hang out in downtown Madison.
Very easy access to public transit if you intend to put down a few and not want to drive.
it made me feel old and slightly out of place.
My wife and I stopped for dinner and beers on our way home.
Super convenient being twenty feet from the imax entrence and not crowded at all.
But they always have something good in stock and the staff is pretty friendly and helpful, even though I'm not really a regular.
Found this place on the way to Atlantic City.
I heard about Surdyk's price gouging and Jim's expressions a day or two later in the media.
I was impressed but not knocked over by this store.
They have two floors and is dark inside as mentioned in other reviews, chalkboards list what they have on tap.
Good service for how busy it was, and decent food.
I just got back from the Sour, Lambic, and Berliner Weiss Festival held at the Cajun Café.
They do limit bottles on limited/rare brews.
A little bit of a journey to find but luckily my better half is good with a map and we were able to get here after a long walk from the Cantillion brewery.
I've visited this bar countless times over the past 6 years or so.
The tap selection seemed to rotate a lot more years back, but has largely settled down to almost expected craft beers.
Small market area with a huge beer and wine selection.
Old School Pizza and Suds is a very nice, chill place to go grab a craft beer and a tasty pizza.
Stopped in on a Friday night, place was packed...seemed to be a good sign.
Overall a very nice place... perhaps not a "must visit" but still very enjoyable.
.. even though I believe there is room for improvement
Quality of the beer is good to very good.
Most of the stouts aren't available for growler fills so have as many as you can handle, they often have some rare stuff on tap.
Hidden away on the first floor of 137 Oxford St in Darlinghurst, Sydney, this high-ceilinged bar is dark and intimate.
Monday pint nights are a real bargain at $3.
I stopped in here on a recent trip to Winston.
The bartender was getting chatted up by some blond girl, which made the service quite inattentive.
Cannot say the same for other locations that may not see as much volume.