Nice little store in Boston. I was looking for a very limited Clown Shoes release and was tipped off that this place had a few bottles left. They did. I kind of get the idea that this place flies under-the-radar. Nice selection and helpful staff.
I have to say that IMO they have the best happy hour on the northwest side of Columbus! What makes it great is that all their draft beers are half price and they have a great selection of craft beer! They have 20 draft beers and lots of bottles. Best chicken sandwich I've ever had. I also sampled the schnitzel sandwich which was totally awesome. I highly recommended this place. They also have a very good kids menu. They are located at the corner of Sawmill Road and Hard Road in the Kroger Shopping Center.
I love this place. I come here all the time for their beer selection and usually always find one or two things on their tap list that make me say, "Alright! I know what I'm getting!". 
The latest Vegas Yardhouse opened recently in the new Linq area, right next to the High Roller ferris wheel. The interior is the same as the other Yard House's with a huge rectangular bar area that can seat about 50 people, with all the tap handles in the middle of the place. Looks like here the beer kegs are on the second level you can barely see from the bar area. Tons of booth and tables fill the place, along with a large outdoor dining area. Sports on just about every TV in the place. Clean warehouse feel here.
Huge shop with a massive selection. Beer, wine, merch, it's all here. There is a bar area too, so you can sample a beer on tap and get a growler as well. Definitely a must-visit while in Asheville.
The name notwithstanding, this is a fairly typical campus-hangout-American-burger-joint with an above-typical beer selection. Location is off the north/northeast edge of the UT campus. There's a small, unpaved parking lot to the side and a few spots in front, but once they've filled up, you could be in trouble trying to find street parking anywhere nearby. There are a couple of UT parking garages within walking distance that are open to the public.
It's literally a dive bar, but with good beer (tap and cans), drinky drinks, and awesome staff. Beers tend to be Colorado-centric, but there's always some tasty treats from elsewhere on.
This one is quite out of the way for me but I only went there because I helped someone out on a beer run when I was in the area for a get together, but I wasn't into beer at the time. They have either the second or third best cider selection (close with Wine Source).
Walked in on a Sat.night at about 7.The place was really crowded.This is a pretty small place and even finding a spot to lean against the wall was a challenge. The bartender was very attentive; and even though he was working his butt off managed to get us a quick taste of Brooklyn Cuvee d'Achouffe , and that was what we both chose without hesitation. Other taps that I remember were Brooklyn Lager, Lagunitas Censored, Allagash Double, Farmington River, Flying Dog Porter(?), Long Trail, Hooker Irish, High and Mighty... Also, noticed cans of Oskar Blues on the bottle list.
I visited this place during a business trip. This place is tucked away in a strip mall off of Camelback Rd. (main drag). This place has a bar, but acts more like a place to eat, rather then a place to drink. The place has a trendy look to it and seems out of place for the strip mall. However, I found the atmosphere fun and interesting. For a place that serves burgers ($9) they go over board on using big white plates. However, I didn't come for the burgers (which were good) or the trendy setting. I came for the close location and the beers. The place really knows it's beers. With the exception of Bud' "Bourbon barrel cask" all the beers were exceptional. I believe they had close to 40 taps of the finest local and global beers available. Anything from Young's double chocolate to Four Peaks Kolsch. If you are in the area and are on the companies tab, you should check this place out.
I went out of my way to visit the Tower in Doraville in February, 2013. I probably won't be going back. They had a few good beers, Lost Abbey, Clown Shoes, Lips of Faith, Big Foot 2013. Those are good, please don't misunderstand, but it's definitely nothing special and nothing that I can't find elsewhere in Atlanta. The german selection was larger than most, but that was counteracted by their lack of pricing on half of the beer in the store. The actual building is massive but their selection is underwhelming. Prices were about on par, or maybe slightly higher. Again, it was hard to tell since many bottle had no price labels. The staff was courteous and willing, but the knowledge was lacking. If you visit, you can find some beer that you like, but be prepared to be underwhelmed.
A: Very funky and comfortable coffee shop type atmosphere. A few couches and tables to sit at, chat with friends, and taste beer. Neat artwork on the walls and everything is bright and upbeat. A little small, but this is a tasting room. Cool futuristic looking growler fill machine.
Vibe: The place has a nice laid-back mountain lodge feel which was cool. The customer base was diverse and I could see families, hipsters, business people, couples, and older individuals all sitting around enjoying the atmosphere without being out of place. The staff was nice to everyone there. Seating is a bit awkward as I was told booths are only allowed for parties larger than six and the chairs are just hard wood. They do have a wall of half-booth-half-chair tables. There is also fire heated outdoor seating which is nice.
11/27/17: Went for the BCS release, was able to snag a 2017 BCS Coffee! Owner and staff very friendly, they have a wide selection of local and national craft beers, pricing was OK/Good. Glad I stopped in here and have been back since. Good local liquor store!
Great beers including plenty of small batch gems. Overall setup indoor and out is brilliant, including arcades and bags. Taproom is spacious and decked out with some cool designs, new annex just just adds to it all. Always great food truck offerings outside. Love this place.
Stopped into this store last week and was quite impressed. Its a smaller store and everything seems to be shoved into wherever they can find room for it. I am a big fan of shopping for make your own six pack beers and they have a great selection. The other thing that makes this a really cool place is that they just stock all the beer down the aisle and you can grab a single from any of them or grab a sixer if you want one. Walked out with a six around 14 bucks which I thought was reasonable compared to everywhere else I have been. Stop in if you haven't been you'll be glad you did.
Went with a friend on a Saturday afternoon. While it's down an alleyway off the beaten path, with info from reviews on this site we knew what to look for and actually found it quite easily.
I've been going to Jeff's for over a year now. The staff is always extremely helpful, as a matter of fact they always seem extremely happy to see anyone interested in craft beer. I rate this place so high because where I live there is no where else within a half hour from home that continuously has a selection of that magnitude. Another plus is he keeps an extensive selection of craft beer cold if you just need a couple six packs on the way to your party. I would recommend this place to anyone if your driving by just stop in and check out their selection, you wont be disappointed.
Stopped by yesterday to see if it had improved in the 3 years since my last visit. Sadly no. Besides a few token craft and imports, the coolers in the back were macro dominated. There was a warm shelf in the back corner of the store that held import on the left, craft micros on the right. German .5L bottles were with the US craft 6 packs, there were a few holes here and there. Fairly basic selection, but with some quality brands thrown in. Chimay, Piraat, Weihenstephaner, Goose Matilda, Big Sky, Great Lakes, fairly typical stuff. A lonely Founders Cerise relegated to a back corner, but no other Founders beers. 
Nice little spot, had some interesting beers on like a gose and sour. beers were above average, better than Queens, but not as good as Zero Gravity of Foam. Worth checking out but third of the four we visited.
The place is nestled in a neat up and coming area of Minneapolis; industrial type décor and feel. The beer was good quality. The service was very friendly and willing to help. They had 14 beers on tap so there should be something for everyone to enjoy.
This is hands down my favorite place for grabbing craft beer in the Pittsburgh area. The staff and owner are great! They are very knowledgeable about beer, friendly, and always giving suggestions on new beers to try. The food is great too! I had wings and some sliders, both tasted fantastic! The selection of beer is good too, they have 20 rotating taps and also they have refrigerators that are categorized as 90 point selection, they have a belgian section, and you can mix and match six packs to go! They occasionally get some rare beers in, like Founder's KBS, but apparently that sold out in like 5 minutes. Definitely take a trip down to House of 1000 beers, you will not be disappointed!
I adore this place; the beers are very tasty, and they consistently have a good variety of hoppy, stouts and offerings from 'oakville'. there is always a fun vibe here, and they support the local/statewide community in many different ways which is wonderful. Anniversary week events are always extra fun -- just get here already . you won't be disappointed.
Great place to go drink great beers in Raleigh. It is almost always busy, and they have something special going on every night. Rare Kegs, glass night, locals on special, etc...
Atmosphere - I'm a big fan of the back patio during the day. It's very relaxing/mellow and, if it is of interest to you, it's very dog-friendly. They have water bowls, dog treats and hitches for leashes at each booth.
Stop number three on the Philly Does New York BA Pub Crawl. Probably my favorite of the day just because we had a blast there. Nobody but us BAs inside, shuffleboard, and good beer. Good times. Our bartender, Bob, was off the hizzy! He chatted us up, served us quickly, and I think he enjoyed our company as much as we enjoyed his. I had some sort of spicy pork roll thing that was pretty damn good. Decent selection of both draft and bottled/canned beers. A little on the pricey side, but the laid back environment is welcomed by us non New Yorkers. Not at all stuffy or over done. If you're in the area (Brooklyn Brewery) stop by....it's well worth it.
Came by here the other day from Woodland Hills, CA. Very nice area, the Stone Store has a great vibe and I'd say just as impressive and diverse a selection of draft and bottled brews from their collection, and a great alternative to the 2.5 hour drive to the Escondido brewery / Liberty Station locations.
Great location, you can step outside and look across the Tower Bridge. Small bar, but good amount of seating around the pub. Beer selection is 3 cask beers, drafts, and bottles/cans. Selections are heavy on British craft beer and some American craft beers. Service was very slow, it took about 15 min to get a beer. Didn't have any food.
A couple of thoughts about this new to me restaurant before I review it. I dislike having to make negative comments about Baltimore, but in the context of reviewing Joe's, I feel as if I need to point a few things out.
I recently moved to Columbus, and it has impressed me as being the chain-restaurant capital of the universe. This isn't a priori a bad thing, but a chain brewpub prompts for me association with Gordon Biersch, which isn't a good thing. Still, I had high hopes for this place as I stopped in with Flyer for a beer.
This was the last stop on my Microbrewery tour and this was kind of a last second thing where we saw it across the street and decided to go have a drink before we headed off to the airport. Not knowing anything about the brewery made me a little interested to see how it would compare to Jolly Pumpkin as well as Arbob Brewing. 
The converted theater has a unique inviting vibe. We've only sat at the large table near the bar (not at tables with service), so our experience could be unique. It takes a long time to get a bartender's attendance, and even longer to cash out. Ordering food is problematic - we've seen our food given to later patrons almost every time weve been there since you don't have a server "dedicated" to you. Use the valet (they do validate parking) only if you have time to wait. Typical time to get your car back is 10-15 minutes.
To me, the most memorable thine about The Old Toad was the atmosphere. I was there around midnight on a Saturday and while the place had a decent amount of people in that night, was still comfortable in regards to both volume and space. The crowd seemed to be primarily RIT students (at least the folks I spoke with) and remained really laid-back and chill. 
I stopped up at the Oak Cafe last night with my dad for dinner and a few beers. I noticed a few weeks ago on The Oak Cafe website (oakcafe.com) that they were adding some taps and were going to have so new and rare beers on tap. 
I came here with my friend on a Thursday evening in mid-March on a Chicago trip, right around happy hour. I wasn’t sure what to expect. They have a decent tap selection although I didn’t find much exciting about their house pale ale, and my conspirator in drinking ordered a beer which was clearly infected. I found their house brew to be like the bar itself, boring yet passable. The vibe, like the beers, was somewhere between unremarkable and …eh. Sorry, but this isn’t going to merit a follow-up visit.
Stopped in on our way from Raleigh to Asheville on a Sunday afternoon. The whole neighborhood was pretty quiet and there was plenty of space in the dining and bar area. Very friendly waitstaff. Nice variety of food to choose from. We brought our one year old daughter and felt very comfortable having her there. Had the IPA of the Month for July. It was excellent. I wish we could've stayed longer. Definitely recommend this to anyone in the area.
Did the brewery tour for $10, not the brewpub, so ratings are for that. Great tour of the (ever expanding) brewery and distillery. Nice slow pace, 4 samples of 4 oz pours, plus tiny tastes of their spirits. And a logo'd pint glass at the end. Well worth the price for sure.
Stopped by Flanny's for a Firestone Walker event a couple weeks ago, and was very pleased with my visit. The place was full, no seats anywhere, but the guy running the place assured me that he would find a seat for myself and friends. Everyone working there was extremely nice and helpful, and aside from the Firestone Walker beer they offered for that night only, their beer list was pretty decent. It had a good, small-town atmosphere, and has live music events from time to time. I will definitely be returning for a drink.
A decent spot if you are in Rochester. Settled in last night just prior to the Bruins game.. The beer selection is large.. Too large. The first sip of the first beer told the story. Dirty tap lines everywhere. It's one of these places from what I consider the last generation of craft beer bars. Ones where more tap lines were considered better. There is no way they can sell that selection of beer and keep their inventory fresh... a taste says it all. Don't get me wrong, the selection, itself, is pretty nice... But a disappointment that My Great Lakes Commodore Perry IPA had that obvious dirty line taste...
From what I can gather off the internets, this is apparently the only independent (i.e., non-BevMo, non-Whole Foods) bottle shop in Pasadena. It has an excellent selection of spirits and a pretty good selection of wine. 
Stopped for dinner before theatre, got there early enough to be seated quickly. Great beer selection including locals. Great service! Had to have the bacon candy. Decent menu choices, something for everybody. All our meals were excellent, and served within average wait time even though the place was packed. Will definitely return.
Pretty good vibe, though it was fairly empty when we went. I like the bar area, but didn't venture into the dining part. Didn't have any food, so I gave it a 4. Very quick service and a good selection on tap, including seasonals and cask conditioned offerings. Would definitely return for some more masala mama!
We stopped by Orlando Brewing two weesk ago no a Saturday barely in time for the 6pm tour we wanted to do - but we made it thanks to their boss who likes to start late anyway. :-) The two girls behind the bar were very knowledgeable and nice and we sampled a few of their beers before and after the tour. The tour was good and informative from a standpoint that OBP is a green/organic brewery at least when it comes to the raw materials they use. As already mentioned; they don't serve food but sell their beer to go.
One of the best beer bars in Austin the GingerMan (with sister locations in Dallas, and New York, I believe) is never going to disappoint with it's huge number of taps (never really counted them, but clearly somewhere between 70 and 100) and selection of interesting beers. If there's a hot new release you've got a great chance of finding it here. They've also usually got 2 casks going - one Texas/local and often something interesting. Selection is solid for Texas beers, excellent for west and east coast and sometimes really surprisingly good for Europe (e.g. 5+ interesting Belgians on tap most times plus some Germans).
Always great beer selection on chalkboard complete with day tapped. Sit at bar, dining room, or outside weather permitting in their beach themed backyard. Many special events on their calendar and beer tastings usually every Tuesday. Some construction recently downtown so parking can be a slight challenge but not bad. Menu is huge, from appetizers to wraps to sandwiches, burgers, etc. sure to please all. Website, facebook, etc to find out what is going on there. Also a mug club with a waiting list, I believe for regulars.
Located in the 'swank' East Burnside district, The Eastburn is one of the most recent additions to the PDX bar scene, and a welcome one at that. The funky indoor patio is the scene of monthly beer and food dinners featuring some of America's most innovative brewers like Firestone Walker. The rotating taps feature a number of quality micros, and this is one of the few places you'll have a chance of finding Upright 7. While Taplister helps to isolate what's on tap, more than once I've arrived a bit late to find my brew of choice was already gone. The food is of pretty good quality for a bar. The $3.00 for brews during happy hour, and the Tuesday $2.00 all day special, make The Eastburn one of the better values on the PDX bar scene. Worth a visit
Atmosphere: A nice location on the Landing in St. Louis, right off the cobblestone road. It is a large place with an upstairs and downstairs bar. I have gone several times and the atmosphere has varied. It gets crowded on weekends and after Chicago/St.Louis sports games. It is a cozy and comfortable place to go for a drink or to be entertained. 
Just a few hours into Brussels and I'm already craving a beer. Geez, there are beer cafes and stores all over the city. I had a plan early on however. Find a place which was on the way to the Manneken Pis. Au Brasseur, you're my first victim.
Common Roots Cafe is a nice place to have a beer in the Lyn-Lake neighborhood. It looks a lot like most coffee houses. High ceilings, lots of exposed bricks, rustic meets modern wood tables. Then there is the beer. Seven taps all from Minnesota. Some Surly, some Flat Earth, some Summit, Some Schell's, and not just the breweries normal offerings but their more rare ones too. The food is as close to purely organic as the can get it, and as locally grown as they can get it. It is tasty too. Service has been good every time I've been there. You order at the counter, and bus your own dishes. The staff has always been very friendly, and has been knowledgeable about the beers they have on tap. All in all, when I've been in the neighborhood over the past year or so I've found myself stopping into Common Roots Cafe, and I don't see that changing anytime soon.
Next door to 33 Wine Shop and Tasting Bar is Dave Bailey's, desert bar that is a perfect stop before or after a meal. A well decorated interior with a mahogany bar and veneer behind the bar in the front of the restaurant. A back room with more seating, and a patio in the rear is usable almost year round with help space heaters. A lot of attention goes into his decor.
The 'Quinten Matsijs', is advertised as the oldest licensed Bar in Antwerp. Built in 1565, it was originally called the House t' Gulick, named after the County of Gulick near Luxembourg - for it is here where the many merchants in times past no doubt came to relax after a hard days trading and spent their hard earned money getting plastered. So Tie your Horse up outside, tell your Manservant to take the afternoon off, and be sure to adjust your Codpiece before entering this most noble of historic establishments. 
I've been a frequent-flyer over at the Old Toad for a while now, and it was about time I tried a new place. A friend of mine suggested Tap & Mallet and now I've become a loyal fan.
This is the future of craft beer in America, a commercialized profitable way of bringing it to market. 100 taps in industrial steel bar, and covering pipes, trained who can move around. Smething for everybody, very crowded at night with 7 minute wait despite speed. Classic rock, who can argue with that? Fast service during the day, and you can get away from set samplers. Big quantity orders. The house beers, despite being brewed by Firestone, were rather ho-hum, they can do better. If you are on the cutting edge of craft beer, if you are part of that growing small and mostly young group, there are other excellent smaller places for you, some of which will survive. If you are a mainstream average beer drinker out there not a geek, this is the future of where you will drink beer.And that's The Word.
Super friendly staff, you can grab a draft pour of some great brews in the back, wide selection and freedom to make a mixer sixer of any beer you see (feel free to pull one out of a six pack!). Great rewards plan and they do creative events throughout the week!
Reliable Portland watering hole. About 8-10 Grittys brews on tap, and available in the form of a sampler. Fairly standard New England pub menu with some variety to choose from. Kid friendly and with a nice open porch out back. Merch store with bombers and loads of shirts.
For a tiny shop, this place has a nice selection. A bunch of coolers along the back with a lot of good stuff plus a couple shelves for some bigger bottles. The prices are actually not bad at all considering the Newbury St location. If you are nearby and need some beer, it is definitely worth a stop.
BUYER BEWARE: This place has high prices and rude management/customer service. Furthermore, they will take your money, sell you a defective product, and will refuse to exchange it at all costs which, according to the 810 ILCS 5/2-314 of the Illinois Uniform Commercial Code, is illegal. 
Situated in the heart of Yale Town - this is definitely on the higher end as far as Brew Pubs go. Very large space broken into 2 sections, the Pub/Bar side and the restaurant side. Decent size patio over looking the narrow side street. Service was the highlight, as I found the beer to be medicore at best. Nothing really adventurous, or ground breaking. A bar for the masses. The food was average, with the menu trying to hard to push all the right buttons - West Coast Fusion/Home Cooking/Pub Food/Pizza - they don't really get any of it right.
This busy Irish pub sits on the edge of Toronto's Cabbagetown neighborhood, after the early Irish immigrants who put down their roots here. Upon entry, there is a comy lounge area; climb a few stairs and you come upon the bar with a eclectic choice of taps, many of these being local crafts (including Caffrey's Red Ale- not available in the US.) Besides, the aforementioned Caffrey's, I quaffed a few Boneshaker IPAs from Toronto's own Amsterdam Brewing and an ESB from another local Louis Cifer. Tasty all.
I have been to a number of home brew supply stores and this one is hands down one of the best. Their sheer knowledge of the materials and processes makes conversation and ease when it comes to asking questions. Granted i have had a few days where employees were short with me, this was usually on a Saturday at 12:30 when the place is packed with people rushing to buy materials for brewing on Sunday (only open until 1 pm Saturdays/ CLOSED Sundays). I think the ours of operation are totally reasonable but there does tend to be a rush on Saturdays. 
We came here for a TBBW hangover event, and the set up was more than a little awkward, to say the least. The line to the taps was out the door, which at first, makes it seem like a busy, popping, large place. However, once you get up there, you realize there is something slowing things down to an extreme degree because people are ordering one beer and taking forever doing it. Possibly payment issues. 
Hart's Pub is located in The Rocks in a slightly hard to find location. They offer 12 taps of craft beer with 5 offerings from the house Rocks Brewing Company. In a positive step for Sydney craft pubs, Harts offers tasting sample of all their beers as well as serving all beers in pints and halves. It would be nice if the range of glassware was expanded to enable Belgian styles and bigger beers to be served in more appropriate glassware (such as tulip glasses). The pub itself is modern and decked out with plenty of wood which helps to increase the hominess of the place. Unfortunately, parts of it feel a bit cramped and pokey. The bar staff are decent but lack knowledge of their product but were willing to be flexible and get the kitchen to make a substitution on a dish. The food at Harts is good with my burger being very tasty but they are charging at the top end of pub food prices so I expect nothing less.
The brewpub if you could call it that is hard to find, in an unpleasant part of dc, and leaves a lot to be desired, that being said the staff were generally quite friendly and sincere
What a fantastic discovery on our first day in San Diego. Knowledgeable staff with put being snobby. Wonderful setting in a old Victorian house. Many of the beers were unfiltered yummy ness. Good selection of local Honda too.
Nice sports bar with craft beer decor. Good size TV's, central bar with lots of tables. Wasn't crowded when we were there so the noise level was fine. The service was great,very friendly and fast. Good beer and food selection and they fill growlers of beers on tap. I had the fish and chips and it was very good, other things ordered were pulled pork sliders and turkey club and they were very good also. Water had a slight clorine taste which is something that really annoys me because filters are so cheap these days. Value for what you get here is very reasonable and we would go back next time we're in the area.
Just started dewing about 2 months ago with a buddy. We did a little reading then headed over to FH Stienbart where we purchased one of their kits. The older gentleman there was really helpful to a couple of noobs. A couple weeks later we went back to get ingredients for a second batch, we figured out most everything ourselves, but had to ask a couple small questions and one of the guys there didn't seemed less interested. They have a huge selection of ingredients and gear which is awesome. I was amazed by the variety of tools they had available. I think I'll check out some of the other homebrew shops in the area, but I'm pretty sure this location will get most of my patronage.
I think that this is the best brewpub in Ann Arbor. Their specialties are lagers which appeals to the masses and the newbies into the craft beer world. The atmosphere we find inviting and relaxing, but you better get there early on a Friday or Saturday otherwise it is standing room only. Only two tv's and no jukebox or electronic dartboards, so you can have a pleasant conversation without having to scream. They do have a foosball table and steeltip dartboard. The quality of beer has changed dramatically since they opened. The beers used to have a buttery flavor due to not finishing properly, now they are spot on. The service has improved also with the addition of a manager and bar help. For selection they have at least six beers on tap and small batches coming soon. Food is either bring your own in or they do have a caterers that set up inside and sell food. If you are in the Ann Arbor area, give this place a try, you will be glad you did.
Of the breweries we visited over the weekend, this one seemed like the newest one based on the small size and low number of taps. We were able to order two flights of 4 and knock out the whole thing. Every beer was very good. Service was good. Growler fills were available to-go.
The food is average. The tap selection is also average. You can get some craft brews here, but not much of a selection. A decent lunch place to visit. But if you are in Dundee you are better off at French Bulldog, or Dario's especially for food, but also for brews.
2nd trip to this irish pub, both were great experiences. The atmosphere here was outstanding, old feeling bar, I think 1903. The decor was nice and true to irish pub, the place felt as if it has seen some things.
Had about 20 or so people in our group. Everyone was happy to be there, it was a sunny Colorado afternoon in August, who wouldn't be! First off, I love cool architecture, and the stone layout of Odell was a pretty cool scene. Our chauffeur was a nice lady who showed a lot of heart and passion about the brewery, something that I believe is very important. The only thing I would have liked more of was the time length of the tour. I wanted to get down into the deep parts of the brewery where the magic happens, instead we stood on a scaffold and looked below at the tanks. Another thing was that their beers they had for sampling were not my style, but that is my own biased opinion and cannot knock Odell for that. Their outside area is very interesting as well, some bowling/curling game I have never seen before and other fun things to do after the tour while you enjoy a nice brat or burger.
Only been here once, but will go back. As other reviewer said, no food (can bring in or order your own), but a great selection of beer. I always go for what's on tap, and they have 40 different craft brews to choose from. I'd say around half are from local breweries, and they mixed in quite a few different very small guys, some I didn't even know about, with a lot of good style variety. Maybe they just hit on everything I generally enjoy, but it seemed like it would give anyone something they would enjoy. Some great stouts, with everything from the required Guiness to Oatmeals to some great local Russian Imperials. Lots of IPA variety, with Lagunitas & Stone, as well as many smaller ones from around the country and locally. Ales...strong ales, seasonals, etc. Even a few fruit beers mixed in, and some Austrians & Belgians.
Love this place! It has a colonial/British feel in order to fit in with the theme of the brewery. The on-tap selection is amazing and far outnumbers what you can buy in bottles in the stores. Plenty of space, and the food is good too. Constantly changing beer selection keeps me coming back!
Awesome cozy shop here, Steve was a great guy to talk to, and really knows his stuff. I like most people went in looking for Pliny. I ended up walking out with some Mogli, 1 Pliny on the shelf, Some Fantomes, Prairie, RR and more.
Vibe- Nothing special. The bar was full and they wouldn't let us sit at a table without ordering food. Kind of crappy considering our table of 4 spent almost $100 on beer and weren't there longer than an hour. 
nogoodreason showed me this place last weekend when I was in St. Louis, and I wasn't disappointed in his choice. I don't know much about St. Louis, but from what I saw, the area where this place is located is kind of an old downtown area that seems to be going through some renovations. Not sure how the traffic is down there normally, so I don't know if they get walk in traffic, or if they just get their regular customers, and those of us who are fortunate enough to be pointed this way.
V-Denver Beer Co. has a medium sized indoor/outdoor layout with a good patio and lots of community tables. The bar is in the center of the joint with some brewing equipment behind and to the side. There is also a barrel area in another room...I'm not sure what its like in there. The place is close to Denver's Central Business District and its always crowded with a mostly younger crowd.
Brewberry is a craft beer store on the level of any of the best in America!. great place set up with beer sections along the walls from various countries. including many from the U S. if you are looking for cantillons you will find them there as well.a must visit for all beer drinkers! cheers!
What a cool place - downtown St Paul prime space, the vibe is a little hipstery, but the service is phenomenal, and the selection is phenomenaler. What a fantastic addition to the MSP beer scene.
I've stopped here on a couple of recent trips to Chicago, usually after a session at Link's Taproom around the corner. It is always packed when I try to stop in (~9 or 10PM, both weekdays and weekends), so be prepared to wait or have a Plan B. Their beer is solid, but the reason to come is the New Haven style apizza. Highly recommended all around.
This is probably the most dependable place in San Diego for Belgian beers, and certainly the most pleasant to enjoy them. Typically there are 30 or more taps going with beers listed by general style: a few IPAs, some malty brews, a couple of sours, lagers, and Belgians. Prices are quite fair, especially for La Jolla. The most expensive would be a barrel aged Belgian or Allagash or Epic at $10 for a 10 or 12 oz, served in the correct glass. 
My favourite location. seems a bit more like a bar than a restaurant. Most beers are mainstream. The food is good. The seasonals are usually worth trying. A good selection of brewpub taps for Alberta. Pints can be a bit pricey on their own. I try and hit Brewsters at least twice a month. The good seasonals are made in Edmonton with liquid yeast by Gunther. Most of the beers are made in Calgary with dry yeast at the Foothills location. They have daily specials that are worth trying. 500 characters is a lot.
Atmosphere- great, but only if you sit at the bar. Once you get to the dining area it's typical "high end hotel restaurant" dressing. I'm not sure who designs Bartalotta's spots, but he/she could use a bit more style in this location. Starts of farmhouse meets speakeasy but ends up feeling like they gave up once the bar was in. Check out the tap handles. They are awesome. The new chalkboard taplist is a major improvement. Chairs at the bar are big and difficult to move around when it's busy (usually during Friday Happy Hour). 
Super fantastic gotta say.... Staying in "The Slope" visiting and was impressed. Not just more than one Flemish Sour but something called "Goze"; not Gueze, but I guess you'd call it a salty sour...
Very nice place. Beer is authentic German. Not usually my go to styles but they are all well done and enjoyable. Available beers still small. Nice outdoor area with a food truck always available. Everyone who works there is very nice with good service. Plenty of TVs indoors for watching sports. I particularly like the urinals that are made from kegs. Haven't been there when it is very busy yet.
Strangely, I'd never been to Steel Toe until just recently in 2019. I've had Before the Dawn, Lunker, and the range of IPAs on tap or in bottles, but St. Louis Park is largely outside of my regular sphere of activity - I just do not get down there. But, a friend out of state asked for bottles, so I stopped by.
I've been to CBC many times while living in Columbus. Great brewery, good food. I'd recommend sitting @ the bar. Service is much more prompts and you get me of a description of the beers. Lunch can get busy at times, but there isn't much of a dinner rush during the week. Weekends depends on what is going on in the area.
Bare Bones ceased making their own beers several years ago and the brewing equipment has been removed. Several of their draft beers are made for them under contract, others are "guest" beers. They have a wonderful happy hour with lots of free eats and reduced prices on their drafts. The restaurant has a good selection of meat dishes that, for the most part, are well prepared. The various beers are true to style and most are brewed in the region. It's a restaurant that has very good beer.
I remember when this place first opened. It is a good place to get wings (they are the best) and get a great beer in Chandler and the beer selection is fantastic (the IPA has a bold Citrus taste). The service is better than you would expect and the prices are very good.
Atmosphere: This bar is a non-smoking bar decorated with beer banners and neon signs. The tables have Chimay glasses with malted barley and candles in them, classy. You can take a seat at the bar, sit at a table, sit on a sofa or when it's warm sit outside in the beer garden. Mostly young to middle aged men frequent the place, although couples come here as well. The last time I went, one of the old husky football players was having a birthday party here. 
It's a new day and brunch is upon us. We're going to do some adventuring (drink) today before we get all airport bound. Jon's been talking Concordia for days now, pointing it out at least twice over the last 3 days as we've driven past it. Don't know why we never stop there but I'm just a passenger, meant to be seen and not heard, unless I's got something that needs saying, of course. Now suddenly, he wants to go there so I just don't know what his deal is. No, I don't think he was a-scareded this whole time, he was just workin' his way around town; we eventually got to where we needed to be...
I'm a pretty big fan of Bristol when it comes to beer. I've been able to pick up a lot of good local (and not so local) beer here and the guy in the beer department knows his stuff. He's definitely worth talking to. They're not always able to, but when they can, they get their hands on some good stuff from Russian River, Deschutes, Ballast, Stone, Green Flash and a lot of other good breweries that can be harder to find at a lot of other grocery stores. This place is definitely worth checking out and I've gotten to try some great stuff thanks to this store.
Neat spot tucked in to the west of KK. Easy parking, now they are open to the public on Fridays and Saturdays now. It's a cool room, seating area up front, barrels in the middle, some bright tanks in the back. Good service, beers are good, just a limited offering and Togo bottles are $$$$$
Been here about 3 times and tried various brews. Every time I have been here the beer is poured terribly, they don't tilt the glass and fill it either half way with foam and keep filling it while wasting beer or just serve it to you half full of foam. I have tried most of their beers and they have all been sub par. They keep coming out with new beers which is cool and keeps it interesting but would be better if they master the base beers before they go and flavor them. Their bottle list is great and specially nice gluten free beer selection. I think their prices are a little on the high side for A. the amount of head they give you, and B. the quality. Overall I want them to succeed and become great so that Winston can have a great beer scene but for now they are just sub par to me.
Vibe: This is a small bar located on the upscale Herengracht, which doesn't have many bars or restaurants located along the canal and is away from the tourist areas. The place seemed to have an even balance between locals and visitors. Bartenders behind the copper bar were arrived in matching. suit-like uniforms. 
A group of friends and I trekked through WI on our annual Man Trip this year. We decided we needed some provisions and stopped off at Trixies while we were in Madison. They had an awesome selection of WI finest brews and a knowledgeable staff that was able to answer any question we had which is pretty impressive given the "beer snobs" that I hang out with.
University of Michigan was having its Spring Game 2019, so after the event, I headed to Wolverine State Brewing Company, which seemed appropriate and was right up the street from the Big House. Wolverine is tucked behind a number of other stores, but a sign is clearly visible from W Stadium Blvd. One enters to find a wrap-around, L-shaped service area on the left in the corner and a fair amount of seating (certainly for at least 120) throughout the remaining area. Self seating is a given and all service is at the counter.
I've been to this World Of Beer twice. The first time it was so packed we barely had room to stand. Nonetheless, the bartenders were very attentive and I was able to get whatever I wanted quickly. The second time I went for Yappy Hour. The staff was great and our waitress not only knew about beer but was always around when there were any empty glasses.
As far as sport bars go, this has the best beer selection for sport bars in town. Food is just ok. I pretty much just stick to the wings when I go here. They carry most of the beers that are sold in the state with some exceptions. Rogues, Samuel Smith's, and Sweetwater is what I usually stick to when I am in here. There are televisions all over the place, and they are all tuned to sports and news. Wait staff is usually pretty good, but when it gets busy in there it can be kind of tough to get a beer in there, which is normal of most places, but this place can get really busy on Thursday nights and weekends. The crowd in there can vary, but usually it is recent college grads. If you are looking to go out and have a brew with friends and not listen to a band, this is usually a good bet. They have Free The Hops stuff up too, so that is a plus in my book.
Atmosphere: This store has a draw to it. The Store is very small due to its location in Southie and lack of space, but does well with what it has. There have been wine and beer tastings every Friday that I walked in. I feel like I belong here the second I walk into the store.
This place is great in the summer when most of the students are away on summer break. The location is great, right downtown and easy to get to. The food is good, nothing to do a show on Food Network about, but tasty. Good selection of Michigan beer as well as their own brews.
A great spot with an amazing selection. The gentleman working helped me pick out some of his favorite French beers, and also some others from around Europe I had never heard of. They had a great selection, including Cantillon and a lot of other Belgians. He was even nice enough to wrap up the bottles in bubble wrap when I told him I was traveling back to the US. I would definitely recommend this spot.
Stopped by before a show at the Palace. Tip Top is run by the same folks who brought you Betty's and Surly Girl. Parking on the newly 2-way Gay Street can be found at meters and nearby lots. 
I visited Roast for dinner three times while staying at the Book Cadillac Westin in October. Having read the reviews and viewed the beer list on the website, I walked up to the bar with high expectations. The draught list included Great Lakes Pale Ale, Jolly Pumpkin Bam and four other beers I can not remember but nothing to get overly excited about. While I enjoyed the Great Lakes pale ale a few nights later with some colleagues, I was drawn immediately to the bottle list and the multiple Jolly Pumpkin and Cantillon beers, the Kuhnhenn Raspberry Eisbock and many other sour/funky offerings. This was the first time for me seeing a high end restaurant with such a well thought out beer menu. The focus is clearly on offering best of class beers as well as supporting the local breweries such as Jolly Pumpkin. 
I went to the Odin Bar which is in Seattle not the brewery which is seperate. It is small but nice. The only thing I would suggest that is in Seattle if they serve beer there are no Minors allowed. We had my two year old with me in the afternoon and they told me that he could not come in even though he was sleeping. We couldn't even sit outside! Anyway I got my friends to take him for a walk while I bought a couple to go and tried to tour the Factory later but we ran out of time and couldn't go. Maybe next time. They have really cool Dragon tap handles that they sell. And the beer was pretty good too.
Right off the bat, I'll come right out and say that I think the reason why the ratings for this place are so high are from all the Americans that visit and see a huge amount of beers they've never tried and can't normally get.
I loved the tasting room in the barrel cellar. A huge TV, but it wasn't a focal point. Nice Bar service with a lot of people behind the counter. A decent selection of over 15 beers on tap. I dind't try the food because of the 45 minute wait, but really enjoyed my time and the duck tasting trays were fun too!
Taproom has been open for three months or so. Located in a semi-industrial location, plenty of parking. Open and airy taproom, concrete floors, high ceilings with wooden beams above. Bar is up the stairs and to the right. The high ceilings and concrete floors created some echoing crowd noise, but it was manageable. Plenty of table seating in the window and along the wall, some games and stuff available. The bar itself was concrete with salvaged wood paneling below and a welded rail. Very nice clean restrooms.
Love this place. The folks that work here couldnt be nicer nor more friendly. They have some of the best priced pours in town and even offer regular discounts, happy hours, etc. On top of being a fully functioning brewery with tasting room, they are also a hub for home brewing supplies, which is cool.
V-Awesome. Local and thriving. Good combo of industrial and Alabama/southern vibes. Everyone was in good spirits, and everyone was there for a good time and good beer. They also had a delicious food truck outside.
Located half a block down the street from Odell Brewing (See Review) in the city's RINO District, Ratio Beerworks is a larger space with a huge and popular patio, where locals and tattooed hipsters enjoy some decent beer. The interior is a large industrial space with a small bar area off to the side. The beer is decent and the atmosphere is lively and fun. Talk to the locals, who will tell you where else to go. There is a food truck outside if you require solid refreshments. Ratio, like Odell, is accessible to the Blake Street Light Rail staion.
Vibe: Large open space with wood floors and old brick walls. Lots of high top tables, with a huge circle bar at the center. High ceilings help keep sound down even when it's packed. Large, and clean bathrooms. Nice, open atmosphere to drink anc chat. 
A pretty good place to go for a meal if you have beer drinking company. We hit this place with a few of our out of town friends. The food was really good, but while reasonable prices could be found, it did seem a little bit expensive. Had to try the sampler and the waiter brought it, but was a little bit slow. Overall, the servers knowledge of beer was not great. Anyone can tell you that a very light yellow beer is going to be light. 
Don't really know what's going on here. If you type "Stillwater Artisanal" into Google maps, it will send you here. But Stillwater is a gypsy brewer and so, by definition, doesn't have a full-on brewpub. So this is kind of like one of the Mikkeller and Friends locations, I guess. 
One thing to watch out for is the hipster feel of this place. I almost didn't go in despite it being across the street from the apartment we were using as the crowd looked way too yuppie for me to think they were any good. It turns out there is a theater a couple streets away that had just let out so there were lots of people enjoying a post show drink.
This is a great neighborhood brew pub - perhaps the only one - in Berlin. Small tables up front, if you are lucky enough to find one, but also a large banquet room in the back with ample seating. The brown ale was good, the hefeweizen was even better, and the pilsner was a gem. Unlike many of the bland pilsner beers - German or otherwise - this one was complex and earthy with a smooth grain aftertaste. Outstanding. The big old dog on the floor added to the good vibe of this place. Highly recommended; required for beer enthusiasts visiting or living in Berlin.
Beer Fest is nothing more than a tourist trap on Bourbon street, your best bet is to just walk a few blocks over and grab a bottled beer from Sidney's on Decatur St. They'll give you a cup for a dime or you can just brown bag it. Beer Fest is a dark shady looking place. They had lots of taps to choose from but like everyone else has mentioned probably half of them are unavailable. They didn't have the IPA I wanted so I went with a Long Hammer IPA for the great low price of $10.50!!! Like I said, walk to Sidney's where the prices and selection are much better.
I don't go here as often as I used to-- they removed the dart boards ten or so years back-- and when they discontinued the Bighorn Bitter, my favorite session beer, I boycotted them for a while. Once the smoking ban came into effect (they were one of the last hold-outs) the place became palatable again.
Some friends of mine and myself have been homebrewing for the better part of a couple years now. Historically, we've used local home brew shops for supplies and materials but at the recomendation of a friend I tried Midwest. It was a great experience.
This place is tucked in way in the west of Calgary in a seemingly still developing neighbourhood, but like much of Calgary the past decade seems to have popped up nearly overnight yet has the appearance of being around for a while. The fact is that the location is so out of the way that unless you lived in the neighbourhood it would be incredibly easy to be completely unaware that this establishment exists. In fact I only first found out about it after a BA user submitted it to be accepted into the Beerfly database.
Came here for dinner and drinks after visiting Busch Gardens. Very nice atmosphere in the dining room area. Large, well curated draft list. Waitress provided warm and efficient service and was happy to answer questions about the menu. I went for the Creole Shrimp N’ Grits to eat while my wife ordered the Double D Burger. Both dishes were incredibly good. 
This place is amazing. I'm not a huge fan of Stone's beers, don't hate them just think they are good to try and move on. But I was encouraged to stop here and thank god I did. It's a bit of a hike out of the city, but totally worth it. The beer garden was amazing. Lots of chairs around the grounds to chill out in, some artificial turf to lay on and have a beer. A nice pond throughout with fish, frogs and turtles. Was there on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed but still awesome. Went back on a Sunday night and it was cool with the fireplaces going and the lights on. Also, their experimental Mocha IPA was the best beer I had in San Diego (and I hit Alesmith, Toolbox, Modern Times, Port, Lost Abby, Ballast Point & Alpine).
Overall, a nice quality place. Small little retail building, but laid out nicely, with everything needed. The owner Ron is happy to help and offers brewing demos on Saturdays. His wife is also equally nice, personable and helpful. While space is limited, he's got everything from full kits to bottles and growlers and everything in between If he doesn't have something specific, he can get it. He'll even help build a recipe if need be. Great service. 
Nice little local place. You can definitely see that it has a a solid base of regular customers. When I was there, there were a lot of people that rode their bikes there. Bicycles, not motorcycles, just to be clear. There were 10 beers on tap, but one was out. The food was ok, and the waitress tried her best to keep up. She was the only server for the outside patio, and while it wasn't packed, it was still more than enough for one server in my opinion. 
Coppertail was my second stop during my 8 day vacation at st. Pete beach. Out of 7 breweries visited, my girlfriend and I both loved coppertail between the vibe, selection variety and quality of service. Everyone was super awesome and friendly and the vibe and decor of the place is awesome! Definitely check them out when in Tampa!
Clearly C'est What? is a mainstay in the Toronto beer scene. And as it appears to me, is the cask ale headwaters for Toronto. After talking with people through out the week I stayed in Toronto, it seems C'est What? really pushed the boundaries of beer in Toronto from the start. 
Pretty good selection. Not huge, but a lot of hard to get stuff. The problem is less than half the stuff has a price on it. Not a place I will return too.
A - Layed back atmosphere..casual, a bit rustic and lived in for appearance. A large bar with manhy seats with ripped uphostery, about half a dozen tv's playing mostly sports related programs. Behind the bar are 4 or 5 bottle cooler filled completlely tih locals and high end craft beers. 60 taps and 1 cask beer of very high quality beers and a few rarities. A pool table and some seating spaces in the back...played a couple of games of pool...pretty quiet on a Monday night, mostly filled with locals. We fit in pretty easily though and traded friendly insults with the Buffalo Sabres fan bartender as we watched the Bruins send them packing to the off season.
Cool little brewpub not far from the center of town in small shopping plaza. Bit of a sports bar vibe, but it is Sunday during football season. Straight bar opposite the entry seats about 15 with a dozen tables on the floor and a covered patio out front. 20 plus well-assorted beers on tap, I had the Hipster and Scuba Steve, both were very nice. Friendly service... Sunday happy hour specials, I had the meatballs, very tasty. Great place to unwind.
Not bad, worth a look if you're in the area, but definitely not something to go out of your way for. From what I understand, it's somewhat of a fixture in the area, historically very popular, though I felt it had evidently lost appeal.
This is definitely my favorite place to grab a brew in the area. I cannot praise this place enough.... Kegs are rotated on 17 taps, and the selection is superior to most/ if not all in the area. Every time I return I get excited over trying something knew. The bartenders are also very willing to help you select a beer, even when they are busy. I must have tried 4 or 5 samples before I chose my first beer. The selection of bottles is also something to drool over. One of my favorite things about this bar is private room upstairs, which is equipped with a big screen TV, a few leather chairs to sit, and a foosball table. The atmosphere, along with an incredible selection of beer, brings me back every chance I get.
I get a kick out of Bditty187s disclaimer that neither of his visits to this location was of his choosing. Fair enough, Ill cop to being the impetus for one of them. We were in the area, it was raining, and of the choices that I was presented with, I liked the idea of visiting another new place. Plus, as noted in the Lincoln, NE section, I was a card-carrying club member and saw it as an opportunity to rack up some points. 
Visited this location while spending Thanksgiving in southern VA. Had a pretty good time. Found the beer list to be heavy with local beers and interesting things. Server was knowledgeable about the beer options. The pizza was actually really good. Buttery Parmesan crust is something you'll remember. 
Great place, huge selection, helpful and friendly staff...loads of freshie local goodies....you will find plenty of quality options here...including the usual local, regional and national good stuff...well worth a visit
Amazing. Epitomizes everything I love about gastropubs, including the industrial decor and tasty food. And the beer selection is phenomenal. I had a Port Brewing Co High Tide IPA that blew my mind, but the rest of the beer list was equally awesome. You can’t go wrong in this place.
It's a lovely slice of America in the heart of Tokyo. A friend who lived with my family for a year in the states works here, she couldn't be happier in a service industry job, and for good reason. The selection is wide and changes all the time. I didn't try the food but the atmosphere is cozy. It's a bit cramped, but that's almost everything in Tokyo. There are two locations I know of, this one and another in Hamamatsucho. At the latter one I tried a watermelon IPA. I wasn't a fan at the time but I still have very fond memories of my experiences here! They brew some of their own beer too, I can't wait to go back and visit again.
I had never visited the old location and finally hit the new one last night. A reasonably attractive room with a nautical theme (I hate pirates tho), as is fitting for the Fremont/Ballard area of Seattle.
This is your typical big box beer and wine store and the interior/decor is nothing special though the dedicated beer section has continued to improve over the last couple of years. The beer section is organized into a seasonal section, domestic craft 4/6 packs, import 4/6 packs, bombers, and single bottles. 
Parking available. There was a food truck in the parking lot, not sure it is there all year around. Great place, dog friendly, arcade games, plenty of comfy seating and regular bench and bar stool seating as well.
It just popped up in front of me. I see the word "bier" and you have my attention. On Friday night this place was very busy. All expect for a few seats were taken. I wondered if I were still in Amsterdam, as it felt more like a large metal/industrial American bar with young people than a Dutch one. A few of the tables even had pour-it-yourself taps! 
I am surprised I have not reviewed Stewart's. I stop in here two/three times a year on my way to and from the Delaware bayshore. I am always hoping one of Ric's "special" brews will be on tap when I visit. Usually something really good and unusual is flowing which is a good thing as I find the regular offerings somewhat pedestrian.
The atmosphere in this place is magical. A very simple and traditional set up of a rectangular room with a rectangular bar on the left side of the room and some booths on the opposite side with some bar tables scattered along the room. There are pictures of prominent Americans and world leaders scattered across the room and the wait staff and bartenders all have a certain style that goes well with the place. There is a nice patio in the back that I avoided since I usually like sitting inside the bars. 
Very nice, fairly upscale-type restaurant in Columbia. Beer list was very solid, with the big beer for me being Bourbon Barrel Ten Fidy. I was about to order a glass when the server said they offer flights of 5/5 oz beers. This was perfect for me as there were a couple beers I wanted, but couldn't drink much more than 1 12oz Ten Fidy. Anyway, the beer prices are fairly high per glass, but I thought the flight was a decent deal, especially with 2 barrel-aged beers in the flight I chose. 
Popped into this place on a Monday afternoon, so can't really comment on atmosphere too much. That said, the bar area is quite lovely, with lots of old wood and nice vintage beer signs around. Lovely smell of beer permeates. 
My wife and I stopped here for a pint or two during a trip to Prague and very much enjoyed U Tri Ruzi. It was one of the few true brewpubs that we found in Prague (granted we didn't spent a ton of time looking) and they had more to offer than just the standard pilsner's. They have a small selection of their own beers to choose from and the quality was excellent. I particularly enjoyed the Vienna Red, and the bartenders were pretty friendly and helpful. The food looked good but we didn't eat here. Nice vibe, would have liked to come back later to hang out more. Maybe next time.
Usually when I go up to Charlotte my friends and I will meet up at Flying Saucer to sit around and talk and enjoy a couple beers. We decided to try this place last night to do something different.
Great location with many other bars within blocks (herkimer,Lyndale taphouse,muddy waters )... a cool old theartre converted to a brew pub with an outstanding rooftop deck, 10 or so brews on tap the vibe here is great the brews very good, tough to get a spot to park but worth a visit , liked the brews i had.
This place was fantastic. Great selection, some decently hard to find stuff, friendly service, discount when you buy so many bottles, prices were pretty good. I went here and to total wine and this place killed it. Must stop if you are looking for a bottle shop in St Paul. Not a single complaint.
5 Zeta beers on tap plus 18-20 guest taps. Some high quality beers here. Mostly FL beers but also Rivertown and Founders. Large oval granite bar with surrounding tables. Plenty of stainless steel visible thru windows from inside the brewpub. Located very near both WoBeer and Green Room. 5 & 6 beer flights available. 
Tap list isn't too bad, lot's of decent choices from the region, and few beers brewed specially for the bar as well. I was able to try a Founders CBS on tap. I believe they had KBS too! I enjoyed my time at this establishment. From the door, the place looks very small, very dark, and very smoky. It is, however, two and a half flights, the ground floor bar is the largest and most crowded, the second floor consists of a smaller bar (both with many regional and seasonal beers on tap) and a pool table, also gets crowded, and half a flight up is a deck that is open year round with large tables and open skies. Service is decent.
Hey everybody! New to BA, not new to Shallo's. Shallo's is one of my most favorite bars in the world. And, I can say that because I travel all over the world for my job! That is because of one of the friendliest staffs and largest beer selections around! The beer selection is wonderful, and if they don't have a beer, more than likely it's not available for purchase around here. If you are looking to have a nice meal, grab a table! If you wanna talk beer, grab a stool at the bar and yuck it up with any of the bar tenders and/or the owner! Yes, the waitresses aren't as knowledgeable as they could be about the beer selection, they are always nice!
They have a few above average beers that they mark up way too high. It is hard to find a nice "mind blowing" beer here. By looks of it, these guys ordered a bunch of beer about two years ago, with great intentions I am sure... But now they are still trying to sell off all of this old inventory not seeming to care if the beer is not at its best. I bought a 6 pack of Blue Herron pale ale that had zero carbonation and was a complete malt bomb. Not a trace of hops. I will give them the fact that they do have some hard to find imports here.Whatever you do, don't grab anything from this place that doesnt age well. Chances are its past its prime.
Large sign on the road makes this easy to find. A stand alone building where the bar and kitchen is on the left, and a big game room on the right. The brewery operation are in a seperate room off the bar. The wooden bar is U shaped and can seat about 15. The bright yellow metal chairs are a bit uncomfortable, but that was my only complaint. There were 8 beers on draft, and the few I had were very good. Service was very friendly and prompt. Kitchen is off the bar, but I did not have any food.
I don't know what I would do without this place. My man Chris has never let me down on a good recommendation no matter what I was looking to get into. A great selection in a great spot. First lead into Stillwater, Jolly Pumpkin, Pliny, Logsdon, Mad River, Knee Deep,the selection is enormous!
On a weekend trip to Burlington, we chose this place because two of our friends work as waitresses (hence the 5.0 for service). The selection was very good and the atmosphere would probably be better had we gone earlier in the night or on a weekday night, but alas it was Friday night at 11pm. The beer selection was great! I love the VT beers that they have on tap at the bar. Magic Hat to Long Trail to Otter Creek, but fresher than I can get it in CT. The prices were reasonable and I found the service to be good, but I would stay away from when it turns into a dance club because that kind of ruins the beer loving atmosphere in my opinion.
iconic craft beer bar. took my wife (not huge into craft beer) and we both had a great time. I had ready several reviews about bad service but that wasn't the case with us. The guy behind the bar was awesome. Enjoyed Blind Pig and some born yesterday (day old to be exact) on tap. Good time.
This review is for the taproom they've opened up in the back of the homebrew shop. At first, it was like your friends garage. Just a cool spot to drink some of their super fresh beer. They usually had 3 or 4. They've been able to grow the number of taps, but keep that garage feel. Pick up some supplies after you finish your beer. You can't lose. Some of the nicest people in the business.
I feel lucky to live just minutes from this brewpub. Great pizza, decent sandwiches, and a good selection of quality beer. Good service and reasonable prices. Also, one of the best values in the area for a wedding reception or other gathering in their banquet room.
When I'm in the mood to try new beers or breweries, I tend to gravitate towards Total Wine. As many of you know, they sell singles! I hate to buy 4/6 packs or even bombers when I don't know if I'm going to like a particular beer or not. So, if breweries have 12oz bottles, I'll mix and match them.
This place has the feel of a high end wine store. Clean and well kept. Not a dusty bottle in sight. It offers a huge beer selection, wine cellar downstairs, and plently of spirits too.
After Growler's ended up closing, this new beer bar took its place. I was never a huge can of Growler's, and the pressurized system they had was more of a gimmick. As the quality was the exact same as places like Premium Draught. Though here was a few dollars more with snobby service. 
Really cool vibe with exposed piping all throughout. All the legs of the chairs were made out of the pipes and the seats themselves were a very comfortable metal saddle. Really good quality beers overall though when I went the selection was not full. It is a bit small so it works when it is not too crowded.
Nice place, with really great service. The beer was fine enough, but not earth shattering. It's a place that shouldn't be missed in Pittsburgh, but it probably won't be your favorite beer.
Discreet looking restaurant in the Hackeschen Markt area. Some tables outside, and the inside is much bigger than the exterior would appear. Large upstairs and a good sized downstairs. The waitstaff is dressed in Bavarian outfits, are friendly, helpful, and spoke English well. They did slightly mess up my order, and brought me the wrong sized beer. All the Weihenstephaner beers are available in their proper glassware. The food was pretty good and standard German food. It wasn't amazing, but it was pretty tasty. The prices were a little high, especially for the food, but it wasn't too bad. 
Went here based on the recommendation of a few locals who joined us for Beers For Beasts last Saturday. This will be a short review based on the fact that we (party of 6) came to The Owl Farm Bar after Beers For Beasts, around 5:30 pm with a million samples of SixPoint beers under our belts. For the record, Beers For Beasts 3 was an amazing event.
I've been to Surly's Beer Hall 3 times now. This is not a warm, cozy experience, but don't let that hold you back. The serving room is enormous, with lots of tables for groups and a very long bar. I always sit at the bar. Service is good and the bar tenders are friendly. You will be confronted with many beer options, including several that have never been available in stores. Last time I visited they had Todd The Axeman on tap but it would not be available in stores for another 90 days. Food is good. I try to stop every time I am in the Twin Cities.
It's kind of a warehouse with a tap room. There's games and such in there, ping pong, some arcade cabinets, darts. You can see the vessels in the back. The tap room is dark and cool. 
Oberlin's best watering hole and all-round hangout. The downstairs room is non-smoking, mostly, upstairs is darker, smokier, funkier. There are usually six beers on draft, rather more extensive collection in bottle, wine and liquor besides. Draft choices last I looked included Guiness, Harp, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, Newcastle Brown Ale, Stella Artois, and a seasonal from Cleveland's Great Lakes Brewing.
St. G is one of my favorite places in Brooklyn, and really all of New York City, to drink and buy beer. The tap list is ALWAYS among the best in the city, and on event nights it's truly world class. They're really good at getting the hard to get LOCAL rarities, which is a nice touch. Also, the pricing for draft beer is absurdly low. 
Great place, great selection. Better prices than those other big beer stores in the area and better selection. Free samples of beers on tap and a nice little "bar" area to hang out and discuss! Lots of NYS beers available for growler fills an a ton if bottles from around the country/world. A must stop for any beer fan!
Stopped in just to check things out as I had heard decent things about this store. Staff was friendly, although I was only asked if I had questions by one of three employees in the vicinity. Craft beer selection is decent, but I did notice quite a few packages that were past their date. The cooler is huge, and all of their beer is in there, which has both its pros and cons. Also, a majority of the cooler was macro/cheap imports. One thing that disappointed me was the slim selection of Belgian beer and better German brews. The next time I find myself out that way, it's worth driving a little further down the road to The Cellars.
I really like this place! It has all the criteria necessary for a beer bar to be great. First, the atmosphere: Mission Dolores is the least pretentious place in Brooklyn. There are some games in the courtyard, through which you pass upon entry. The bar area is homey; there are a few tables and a small bar that seems to have enough room for everyone. The patrons are eclectic: beer lovers, local bar flys and couples with kids - who were well mannered (unlike booger ranchers in other area venues.) It must be the atmosphere.
Atmosphere: Primo location in Alexandria, VA, almost right on the water. Right up the road from the very touristy, "Torpedo Factory," and two or three restaurant spaces up the hill on King Street. On the inside, head left (you can't miss it!) for a chalk board fill with the day's goodys. Head right, or wait to be seat.
This place seems to be a mecca for more sought after beers. There seems to be a good selection of higher dollar bombers and a general focus on the higher end beers. This helps their selection, though I am not sure about the stores selection of "shelf beers." I wasn't really looking for shelf beers on my visit, so that worked for me.
Stopped in here to give the food a try for the most part. The beers were something I was looking forward to also. The vibe is pretty cool, nice bar and dining area. The selection was decent, The food was awesome. and the service wasn't bad either. Worth checking out.
Ashley's is probably my favorite bar in the country. Perfect atmosphere to come hang out, grab a good beer with friends, have some good conversation, and have over 70 taps of great beer from across the country to choose from. The late night bar menu is good for snacking and even has some interesting stuff like chicken curry fries. I've spent countless nights here with friends and it's still great every time I come back.
I've only been to this location twice. Each time I was there for some special event, so I'm not entirely sure what the regular atmosphere is like, but it seemed pretty relaxed before things started. They have a great selection, I believe they have the most taps in Austin, but I'm not sure if that is a fact or not. Their staff is knowledgeable and they have a certified cicerone working there too. I tried their salmon wrap, which was very good. Thursdays then will tap a rare beer, which is usually something that is hard to find in Texas or has been cellared. They will regularly have weeks scheduled around various events, one of the times I went there it was an event featuring hoppy beers and they had guest speakers from various breweries. It is definitely a good beer bar, but also similar to other saucers, so it's not special in those regards. I would still recommend it if you are looking for something good to eat and something good to drink.
I came to El Bait Shop as an Iowan who discovered beer while living in another state. This year I moved our family from Northeast Ohio back to Iowa. El Bait Shop had been much heralded and I wasted no time making a trip once we were settled. I can comfortably say this the best Beer Bar I have ever stepped foot into.
The Essenhaus is a top beer bar and a must for anyone traveling to Madison. This place is second on my list (after the Memorial Union Terrace) of places to take friends from out of town. The Essenhaus features just about any German beer you could think ofon tap! The specials are great. Half liters are only something like $2.50 during happy hour and boots (normally $16) are only ten bucks on Thursdays. Polka bands play there regularly. The waitstaff are great and wear traditional Bavarian garb. Its kitchy, dirty, and very Wisconsin. Their bottle selection is great too, plenty of good American crafts and the whole Lindemans line from Belgium. Better yet, the Essenhaus has a door to the Up North Bar on its SE wall and a door to the impressive Come Back Inn on its NW wall. If you dont care for German beer and cant find the craft you like at Essenhaus, just walk over to the Comeback, grab a pint, and carry it back over to the Essenhaus. 
Easy to find in the area surrounding the Cathedral, behind the church, with seating outside and in. More of a restaurant than just a beer bar, and a little more "up market" than some. Several rooms with tables and chairs on the ground floor, and upstairs. Rooms decorated with fine ceiling frescos and pictures on the walls, many with reference to the Monastry Brewery and visits by the Pope. Good food menu (and an English one available) and what we had was of a good standard, and good service too. The usual Andechs beers on tap, Hell, Dunkel, Weiss - as always good beer! Definately worth a visit, though can be very busy lunchtimes and evenings, with locals as well as the tourist crowd.
Didn't expect a beer treat here but the location in Tigard just off i5 surprised me. They have their own selection supplied by a micro-brewery as well as a decent selection of micro and macro brews for a non beer centric venue.
What a massive production facility. Lots of overly hoppy beers on tap. New girl didn't know much about the beer, but the food was quite tasty. When in Cleveland it's a fun stop.... If you like hops
It was unfortunate that both Fässla's guest rooms (as well as Spezial's) were booked solid on our day in Bamberg, but I still wanted to take a quick look and have a Beer.
Ah, the Federal. For a place only six blocks from my house, I don't go there nearly enough. Decor is a really cool mixture of old breweriana (lighted and painted signs, trays, clocks, etc.), vintage cigarette ads, and old Federal Electric Company stuff. Very cool. About ten tables and booths accomodate diners, and a dozen or so seats at the comfy L-shaped bar. Around 15 taps offer a broad selection of imports and quality American micros, and no crap. Bottle selection dips into vintage old-man brands and some more micros and Belgians.
Has a pretty decent selection - almost 30 selections on tap. Wasn't entirely impressed with the selection though. Was a little bit crowded even at 5:30. The tacos pork tacos were absolutely amazing - best tacos I've ever had. Worth checking out but a tad bit pricey.
Delachaise is just around the corner from The Bulldog, making my long walk to this neighborhood worthwhile. Delachaise looks like it is in an old drive-thru restaurant, but like a lot of businesses I've been to in New Orleans, looks like it's on its 8th or 9th incarnation of commerce. It has a rounded glassed in front, some tables, and a bar. It's bright in here, with a lot of glass.
I hit up the Beer Junction last weekend while I was in West Seattle and was duly impressed. There are a handful of these excellent bottle-shop-cum-taprooms in Seattle and, like the others, Beer Junction is a hell of a place. The beers are all organized by style and just about everything is in a refrigerator case, which I like.
Finally got around to checking out this location of UJ's. Very cool neighborhood bar feel to the place. I would call the decor "broken in". Had a few Stone IPA drafts, and my BIL enjoyed a hefe. All the beers were served in the appropriate glassware. Service was prompt and friendly. Would have liked to see more of a selection in the bottle cooler, but it was sufficient. You will find something to drink here. Did not try the food, but from what I saw, it looked tasty. If you are looking to get away from the crowded bars on main street in the "yunk", check this place out.
I have a love/hate relationship with this place. The loves: First, the beer selection is fantastic. They have somewhere around 40 taps, all with great selections. The lines are clean and the beer tastes fresh. The bottle selection is huge, and you will always be able to find something you want. So, the beer is the best part about this place. Now the hates...
I love their "brave liver", which is a bottle of angry orchard hard cider and any beer on tap. My choice is blue moon or any beer like that. I love the food. I have NEVER had a bad meal. I haven't tried any of their hard liquor, even though they have QUITE a selection. There is a wonderful mix of local, craft, and "typical" beers on tap.
Poe's was packed when my wife and I went for lunch, which was to be expected, as it was tourist season (first week of June). Despite the wait (<45 min.), the experience was well worth it. Comfortable, relaxed vibe, excellent food (wife and I shared the Annabel Lee and Tell-Tale Heart burgers), and great beer selection, including some local favorites. And regardless of what other reviews say, service was great and very accommodating. Would definitely recommend.
College town, Irish bar - what else is new? This place is more than a little popular with the undergraduate folks in Ann Arbor, and a sucker of a draw for the adult Applebee's crowd. If-its-beer-it-must-be-Irish idea is played worse here than a lot of places, not so much in the amount but the style of faux-Eire touches. This could be a set for Office Space its so over-the-top cliche and plastic.
Raging chach bar, mostly macros, decent burger before Tiger's games. Come for stupid human Olympics the week of St. Paddy's day, and see how poor humanity can actually be. Douchebag central after ballgames.
This place has possibly the best atmosphere of any beerhall in Munich. It is one of those rare places, such as parts of Venice and Prague, that looks exactly the way you imagined it would. Even better than the decor is the fact that you will see fewer tourists here than at any of the other beerhalls in Munich. Most of the customers are Munich natives, and you can be assured that you will have the "authentic experience" here, right down to your tab being marked on your coaster.
You wouldn't expect to find such a good selection of craft beer at a cheese shop, but Murray's does it. Here at their flagship cheese emporium on Bleecker they stock a sizable amount of brews, including hard-to-find releases from Firestone, craft beer from Spain (Nomada En El Bosque), Mikkeller 1000 IBU's and Beer Geek Breakfast, Leelanau, Dark Element and other obscure names. 
I've never been a big fan of the beer for this brewery. I couldn't help myself and had to see if it wasn't any better fresh. Turns out it is. By a big margin. I really enjoyed the two IPA's and thought the overall taproom experience was pretty good. Don't pass this place up if you're in town, even if you don't love the beer. Try something fresh, even if you've had it before. You might be pleasantly surprised.
Resi's is really two different bars; the winter bar and the summer bar. In the spring and summer, the bier garten in the back of the bar is the best place in Chicago to go and have a few biers, talk, eat good Bavarian fare, and begin to think you were in Munich. In the winter, it is a smallish kitschy bar that before the smoking ban, was almost unbearable to be in late in the evening. Now, with the smoking ban, the bar is charming and allows me and my friends to enjoy the great bier selection year round. It does have one of the best Weizen selections I have seen this side of the Atlantic as well as a nice BBK, DAB, and many other bottles. 
With 500 bottled beers and 40 beers on tap, how can't you like the place? I started coming to the iTap House since it opened off of Long Road. While working at The Racketman right next door, this was an easy spot to come in for a beer or two after work.
The food is pretty much your standard bar fare, and the tap list is one of the better in the city for the most part. Had no problems walking in and sitting down to eat on a weekend evening, though I know it gets crazy for special events. Their house brews are decent and can now be found at some bottle shops around the city.
Coming form Chicago, this place reminded me of our local Binny's. It's stacked with a wide combination and selection of spirits, wines, and beers. I was kind of growing weary of the tiny package stores around the area and asks the in-laws for some recommendations. They quickly suggested Amity and I was very impressed. The service was very accommodating and had great suggestions for Imperial Stouts as I was in the mood to have a couple of dessert style beers from the New England area after a few slices of New Haven style pizza. 
Stopped by this place while I was in D.C. over Halloween weekend, not surprisingly packed like every place else. Nonetheless, still had a good time and the bartenders were fast and willing to help. Have both a tap selection and a bottle selection that encompass a wide variety and a nice selection that most everyone could find something they like. The atmosphere was pretty good, hard to judge on Halloween, but definitely a bar that I feel more comfortable going to than the other places that were available. Only problem was that some of the beers were a little expensive, but it was easy to get over that.
I hate to break it to anyone who has just read the first review. This place is a nice little taproom but the beer is not great. I would recommend going to Singlecut Beersmiths, Finback, or Transmitter because this place is a bust. Oh, I sampled all the beers and they just seemed off in a strange way. If you're looking for the next Other Half, this is not it. Parking was easy though. And the dudes seemed super friendly. Hope they brew something I enjoy soon so I can repel this review.
I, too, have experienced the problem of them being out of some of their menu, but not to the extent of the previous reviewer. They have an excellent selection for such an establishment, and it's a fun place to go for an Oktoberfest get-together. My biggest problem is that it is way too expensive. The food is the typical German fare, brats and the like, of which I am not fond to begin with ( though I do like sauerkraut). A fun place to check out, if you're ever in the area and you've got the money to spend. I won't probably go there again, as I don't like blowing wads on beer that I can buy elsewhere for much cheaper and drink in the comfort of my own home.
Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon. Not to crowded. 5 or so people at the L shaped bar tucked into a corner along the back wall of the place. People were friendly at the bar and staf was nice too. Today this was IPA Sunday or something but haflt the taps were IPA/IIPA. I filled the ol growler with Glacier IPA and consumed my Harmon Black Tartan IPA and Walking Man Homo Erectus. Ordered some sweet potato fries which were ok. All the beers were good. Food was pub food and no real issues here. Selection was very good, but it was missing some big stouts, porters and a barley wine.
Awesome special events including the Beer Brawl give this place A+ marks for me, but during regular visits the service has often times suffered and brought down the experience dramatically, in addition to the on and off quality of the taps. That being said, I still frequent Concordia and I think they are a great ale house. I just think there are some areas where quality could be improved.
Here on the afternoon of Saturday 1st May, Kentucky Derby day. The bar area overlooks the slot machines on the floor below, the bar was full of very noisey horse followers. Behind the bar was an equally noisey barlady in a sports shirt of some kind (a Chicago one?).
Nice selection of mostly average to bad beers, non-descript taproom in a non-descript industrial area. One and done for me, no reason to go here when Batch is right around the corner unless your taken some out of town people sight seeing.
Everything here is something that ‘works’ for me—they have house beers plus an impressive guest tap selection, plenty of food options, and lots of room—but the vibe when I visited felt too sports bar/college night/bro-ish, and I’ve yet to return despite passing by on a semi-consistent basis. Take of that what you will.
I really did not know what to expect walking in here, because, being from Philly, I am not used to having a brewpub also have a casino. The casino was tastefully small, not tiny, just very comfortable feeling. I am not a gambler, so I cannot say any moreabout that aspect. The bar was rather dark for my 1pm visit, s I ended up taking a table to get a pizza with my beer because heck, it was sunny and I wanted to see the sun!! 
This place is very well designed with a nice layout. They have a small, cramped parking lot and if you can't get a spot in there then it can be a bit hard to find one without a bit of a hike.
Really cool unexpected find in old town Montreal. The bar is downstairs and has a really interesting steampunk feel with great 70s and 80s music. Bartenders are extremely nice and knowledgeable. Beer is a great selection of ~12 local Quebec beers. A bit pricey at $8 but worth a trip!
I just moved to the area a few weeks ago and one of the things I was most excited about was the fact that I'm now walking distance to Texas. I absolutely love this place and while the selection isn't the best in San Diego, they get some fantastic stuff. The prices are average with some of the specialty beers they get coming in on the high side, but overall I'd say the prices are fair. When the buyer is there, he's great to talk to and he genuinely has a passion for beer, which is great to find. While they might not have the square footage of some of the other bottle shops in San Diego, they cram the space they do have with some good stuff, including a lot of beers I haven't found anywhere else. If you haven't checked this place out yet, I would definitely recommend it.
Interesting little place. They have about 5-6 beers on tap at any given point, mostly given over to Rohrbach's and Southern Tier. A few stray Sam Adams or Brooklyn beers come on tap as well too. The food is very tasty- some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Very fresh, and very delicious. The service is tricky- once you're seated, it takes them a while to take your order, but once the waitress finally gets to your table, the service is fine and they are very attentive. The food is a little expensive, but worth the price for sure.
Time to get reviewing again. We will start with a late Saturday afternoon stop at Kraftwork. After losing some bucks at Suger House, this group was ready for some good beer. Drove by it, but caught it the second time by. Not sure why, but I thought this place was going to be huge inside, but it's a pretty smallish place. Wraparound bar, lots of concrete and metal, high ceilings. Seating to the left and right if you don't feel like a seat at the bar. Overall, love the look of this place.
A relativley new place new to downtown right next door to Natty Greene's.A relativley spacious place with alot of seating up front with the large rap around bar in the back,the menu is all sanwiches and appetizers and everything we have had from there has been very good with the Buffalo Chicken sandwich really standing out (I lived in Buffalo for two years and this was as close to Buffalo taste as I have found around here)the spicey hushpuppies being likely my least favorite.Ten taps with Foothills Hoppyum and Total Eclipse standing out the most and a reasonable bottle selection make this another beer friendly place downtown and the food is much better then Natty Greene's in my mind.When in downtown Greensboro hit this place up.
Cheers: They have the BEST ice cold water of any of the brewpubs in Abq. I don't know what they add to the water. In all honesty, I would pay for it. Plenty of house beer taps along with taps from other local NM and Colorado breweries. Great location on Central Avenue with a convenient bathroom (although the set up is confusing. I wandered into the "brewhouse" on the way to the bathroom). Patrons are extremely friendly in a good way (not the I am being nice to you so I can bum smokes off of you all night friendly). Bartenders are responsive, cheerful, and will serve you until you are laying on the floor. Great place to engage in random conversations with random people whom you will most likely never see again, or remember their names.
So I've been anticipating the launch of this gastropub since I first caught wind of it a few months ago. Knowing the men behind the business and their love of all things beer and food, I knew Hawaii was going to be in good hands. This is the sort of place that Hawaii has been lacking in the beer community and I for one am glad to help fill that void with my patronage.
For CBC week I wanted a place to hang out that was close to the hotel in G'town that had a decent beer selection. This is on M street and 1 1/2 blocks from my pass out bed.
I knew that I had entered into heaven as soon as I walked in the door at Ale Yeah. My first words were probably more like "Ohhh Yeaaa". Like a Kid in a candy store came immediately to mind when I looked around at the selection and really froze for a minute not knowing where to start. My budget was $20, but I kept on finding more brews I wanted to try - left with $100+. After several trips for the bottled stuff, I now go in on a regular basis for the Growlers – you can’t beat the price of a Crafted Brew Growler or the fresh keg taste. Damn why did I not have the idea to open this place! Right time, right place, right products.
Like many others, I'd often been past the Super Deli Mart and never had a reason to stop in. Until one day on the way to the park, I ran in to see if they had sour cream.
While walking through The Mirage, my friend decided she needed some coffee and dragged us to the Starbucks in the back of the building. Luckily, BLT Burger was across the way, so while she was getting her coffee, another friend and I checked out the bar. The first tap I noticed was Chimay - score!
The first of just a few places I had time to visit on a short trip to Montreal. Decent vibe here, noir-ish. There was a fairly good selection of beers to choose from, with a good range of styles. I believe samplers were available, but unfortunately the only beers I really had an interest in were only available in regular-sized pours. Thus--since it had already been a long day, and I had a tasting the next day--I only sampled two of the beers here, a DIPA and the Saison Framboise. Both were pretty average. The service left something to be desired. My bartender was evasive and detached for the most part. Took at least 5 minutes for him to take my drink order once I sat at the bar, and after that no service until several minutes of my glass being empty. It looked like they had small snacky food options, but nothing that really drew my interest. 
Awesome craft beer spot in the shadow of the queensboro bridge. 30 drafts and a bunch of cans. Lots of cool draft options as a result of mini-tap takeovers they do periodically. Good variety of beers, knowledgable and friendly staff, and a great looking menu (I didn't eat). A NYC must-stop for the serious BeerAdvocate or enthusiast
Cantillon is a beer mecca and must visit when in or near Belgium. Their onsite list is amazing with bottles you will not find in the US and at prices that are also amazing, $19 euros for St. Lam onsite! I would highly recommend their guided tour as I learned a lot about lambic production, though they also offer a self guided version as well.
It's hard to beat this place on outdoor views. Along the MKT bike trail and Missouri river with lots of outdoor seating. The beers are solid and they have quite a few on tap that they don't bottle.
Grizzly Peak is my go to brewpub in Ann Arbor. Honestly, it is the best burger I have ever had. The beers generally rotate, so you can usually get something new each time you head there. The beer is generally a little flat sometimes, though. If you head to GP, you absolutely must have the soft pretzels. They do provide flights of beer to try, and I would recommend this, as I think the quality varies quite a bit. All in all, a real fun place to be. If you show up after 6 pm on a Friday or Saturday, expect to wait an hour or two for a table. They don’t take reservations for any parties under 6, so if you’re worried just bring along a crowd so you have a table.
I honestly hadn't heard of this place before. I was familiar with U Fleku and U Zlateho Tygra, plus new places I wanted to hit, U Med and Pivo Dum, but not this one. Alewife and I found it by accident, first while wandering the old town on 02OCT13. I just happened to stop to check out their menu and noticed the brewed their own bier. So we stopped in for a round or 2 that night. We enjoyed our visit that night, and their food menu looked nice. That being the case, we had dinner there on both 03 and 04OCT13... 
Small corner tasting room, with a little bar on the left and a few tables along the perimeter. 8 beers on tap, the 1 I had was solid. Friendly service. No food.
What a cool place this is!! An old service station turned into a brewery, pretty cool! I visited this place on summer vacation down in Albuquerque. People that I had talked to raved about their beers. They turned out to be right on cause they have some damn good beers here. Must have been 10-12 of their own brews if not more. I tried the Belgian Dubbel and IPA and both were outstanding. Service was very good also. I had the french dip sandwich which was so so. I would highly recommend this place if you are ever in Albuquerque.
I found the wine source when I was moving my sister to Hopkins. It has a very small parking lot but it is worth your while to taking a look. The have a great selections of beer in coolers as well as warm. The employees were more than helpful in knowledge of their selection and prices. They have helped my sister plenty of times when she doesn't know what she wants or can't find the brew. The Wine Source is a must stop when in Baltimore everything thing from the good selection belgians to the local brews like Heavy Seas, and plenty of beers from across the country and world.
The address was tricky, since it was located in the back of the Strand shopping complex off of Huebner Road. Facing the building, there was a wide patio area delineated by a short fence surrounding the sea of picnic tables covered by umbrellas. The entry was to the far left of the space and opened onto a bunch of high backed leather chairs and a leather sofa immediately left. Just beyond the comfy chairs, still left, were the kiosk and an ATM, followed by the long "S"-shaped Formica-topped bar. Here, the back bar was simply a long line of taps in front of laminated pennies, topped by a string of beer and wine BTs, further topped by three huge blackboards. To the right of the entry were a combo of high tables and chairs along with standard restaurant tables.
Large venue with both indoor and outdoor seating including a large table for large parties. 8 regular taps [although out of one on my visit] plus 3 seasonals. Good service but understaffed for the large mid week lunch crowd. Food looked good. Large pub atmosphere. Flatscreen TVs available but not featured.
This bar is really cool. Its a great idea for a bar, They've always had a few beers worth having. Its a very low key chill/hangout vibe. Everyone that works there has always been super nice and chill. Their triple IPA fest is amazing.. They had so many great beers on. Somehow they always seem to have Melvin or getting it? Not sure how they do that, but i like it.
This pub is unique in that it is a dive bar with a great micro selection and the most unusual single malt selection I have ever seen. As for the single malt selection there might be a bigger one on L.A., I dont know but there were so many bottles of scotch that I have never seen anywhere.
Sat on the terrace today to unwind post-GTMW '11. Had a pitcher of Gray's Rathskeller Amber, and watched the sailboats go by. The Rathskeller didn't open up until 3pm on Sunday, but there were a few decent craft options outside (House Amber/Oberon/SNPA). Didn't need a student ID outside to buy beer, though one friend was a WI Union member. Not sure about inside, as they were closed when we were there, but you could wander through the space. 
If I lived in Asheville, I'd visit here weekly, like I try to visit Carton (in my home town) a couple times a month, Nothing beats fresh beer in the company of beer fans.
I can't believe how many bag of nails pubs that have been built around central Ohio. This one in Grandview was very quaint. There are cans and old bottles all over the walls with old street signs and funny posters. Has somewhat of a TGI Fridays or Max & Ermas type feeling. 
Visited here on the Fourth of July based on a recommendation. Even though it was scorching outside, we sat on the enormous deck of this tiki themed bar. The deck sits on the the shore of the river which provides some nice views. Lots of grass umbrellas to contribute to the theme and provide shade. The drink menu is massive, but only a tiny portion of it is dedicated to craft beers such as Surly, Summit and Schell's. Suzi's is better known for their beach drinks. I went with the Coconaut which was amazingly good. The inside was large and pretty cool too. The best indoor feature was the massive waterfall at the entrance. Service was friendly and helpful. Overall, an awesome place, just not specifically for craft beer.
Not a place that will blow your mind with wild tap selections (mostly "big" craft like Sam Adams, Sierra Nevada, Brooklyn, etc.), but a fine place to watch a game and grab some grub.
I have been to Ashley's in Westland quite often. The atmosphere here is up to you're personal preference, I personally enjoy it very rarely is it extremely packed (unless they are have some type of event). The people who frequent Ashley's are usually some pretty knowledgeable beer drinkers, which helps me usually get good beers that I would like. 
Great place! Always wonderful beer and food. Last night I had the steal and truffle fries. Had a BA Zaison and a Treebucket. Desert. Followed up with a spicy chocolate ice cream. Close to a perfect meal for me.
My review is going to be the worst of all of the reviews. I have a reason. I was in St Louis for businees and my hotel was within walking distance of here. I was hoping to be here often. Read below to find out why this was my only visit. Although the place was pretty cool, the dichotomy of left bar. Vs. right bar makes for an interesting dynamic. The left bar is boring, mundane, ordinary, lackluster, and not worth visiting. No music, no tv's, no atmosphere. I dont need the Blu Man group performing but something other than the hum of the dish washer and soda machines would be nice. The right side bar atleast had some entertainment value in the way of tv's and music. 
The grocery store itself is really cool, but the beer department leaves a lot to be desired. The selection was fairly limited and the selection of interesting or harder to find beers was almost non-existent. You can literally see every beer they have in 2 minutes with only a single wall of bombers and a few shelves of 4/6/12 packs. Was very disappointed overall in the beer department here.
Vibe: The place is pretty dark and it has a few long wooden benches, a taller table on one end of the bar, and a roped off booth at the other. There is an outside area to sit which is pretty nice. The overall interior aesthetic matches the open view of the barrels stored off to the side. There isn't much decor but it really showcases the important part of the building which is the barrel house. Unfortunately the staff really kills the vibe of the place. There were one or two that were nice but most of them seemed depressed or angry about something. They were wandering around frowning, looking sad...looked a lot like a goth bar. They were snappy or short when discussing beers as if it wasn't worth their time. I overheard more than one employee make rude comments about patrons at the bar and at tables. That alone really killed the vibe and I didn't want to sit around hearing them talk trash while they passed each other.
Seems like an average start up brewery. This place has so much buzz but no beer to support it. The tasting room is huge and very cool inside. I tried a few ipas and they were no match for alpine or ballast point. As far as sour beer goes they had none, which is disappointing that they can't manage to have any sour beers consistently. I asked and they said the sours were still aging. This place is lucky they're very well funded, but no bottling line or sour beers kinda makes you scratch your head. Luckily they're not the only brewery in town. Cheers!
Came here for lunch on 1/12/16 (prelude to Haymarket Anniversary Party). Great spot! In addition to 16 (one on cask) of their own beers on tap, they had lots of other local brews available (including Pipeworks Lizard King). And the menu listed all the other competitors brews first, which takes balls & earns my respect. The food was INCREDIBLE, and the service sublime. Definitely a must stop when in Chicago!
Very nice!! This was one of the first places I checked out in Grand Rapids. It is fantastic. The Atmosphere is a little bit upscale but not stuffy. There is a nice loungy feel to it with jazzy background music at a good level. The quality of everything is top notch. They have a great menu, beer list, wine list, liquor list. The service was top notch but to qualify this - I was drinking with the manager. I did recommend a couple of things about pouring and they welcomed the input. I was happy to see that even though they are not allow to use logo'd glasses, they still make sure to use the appropiate glass. I (am my friend) ordered Duvel, Delirium, Weinstephaner dunkel, and a foret saison. The selection was very nice - of course they could have more but they have a great selection at about every style. They only have four draft lines. They had Stella, Bells Sparkling, Youngs Double Chocolate Stout and Lindeman's Framboise. I found the framboise and Double chocolate to be a stretch with only four lines.
Took a tour, raided the beer shop for some special items that still sit on the shelf and had a couple of beers in the beer hall/restaurant. It's rustic and one must like singing Belgium stag parties, so thumbs up for the vibe. Service at the bar only but extremely beer knowledgable and patient with questions. When I'm back in Brugge, I'll go there again.
This was stop #28 for my wife and I on a 21-day pub-crawl from Michigan to N. CA and OR. We stopped here on a Monday afternoon to enjoy their beers. The taproom is located inside a partitioned area of this light-industrial building that is located in an industrial park setting. The brewing equipment is visible through windows. Beer is ordered at a counter, and seating is available at bar tables and picnic tables in this area. Some tables were also available next to one side of the exterior of the building where a food truck was parked.
Nice place but hard to get to currently (because of construction nearby). Large bar is the central focus. Nearly all of the taps are Nebraska. Beer list is sorted by style on one side and brewery on the other. They do flights of 4 or 5. Good price. The food was solid. I liked mine but my wife was not blown away by her order.
Stopped in during a visit to New Orleans. It was close to closing time, so it was incredibly busy out on the street. The shop is fairly small and deep. Lots of wine, but not much beer I'm afraid. They have a few Belgians out of the cooler (e.g. Chimay), but the cooler had nothing but crap and some Abita. Definitely not worth a stop if you have options.
Lakes & Legends is a really nice looking place. It is clear that a lot of money was invested into getting the atmosphere right. This is a nice change of pace from most start up breweries. The service is solid with the bartenders knowing the beers they serve well, and being able to describe them in detail. The beer, however, was hit and miss. I had a really nice braggot, and my friend had a better than average Belgian pale ale. The second beers we ordered were quite lack luster. The Belgian dark strong I had we watery thin with little flavor. It had no obvious brewing flaws. It was just dull. The IPA my friend had, on the other hand, was clearly under attenuated. He finished it, but I don't think I could have. Overall, I liked enough about the place to warrant another visit, but a while down the road after they've been open longer.
I visited this brewpub having great hopes of experiencing a jewel brewpub, but was greatly disappointed in the beer. The food was amazing, I had a beef pot pie and my wife had the fish & chips which was exceptional. We sampled every beer on their menu and three of the beers were very flat (I could not get carbonation in the beereven if I blew bubbles in them). The only one that was above average was their IPA on draft. The place is very kid friendly and the waiter was very quick to bring our order. They did have three seasonal beers on bottle (Jolly Pumpkin Oro de Calabaza, a Merle and another belgian) that give a better selection. If visiting the Victoria/Vancouver area, I would recommend The Alibi room(see my review - http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/17068) over Spinakers. The Alibi room has an unbelievable selection and cellared brews.
I had seen this place called Sam's Bottle Shop in my travels around my home area, but never knew what it was. Then I noticed people with pint glasses of beer on the roof, and I had to stop in!
Small bar with enormous beer selection. We arrived at the end of their 5th anniversary party but were warmly welcomed and promptly served. Staff very knowledgeable and helpful in describing their beers. Next time I go I'll bring beers to share
I stopped in with a coworker while in the area on business. The atmosphere is authentic and welcoming from the first step in the door. They have the bottles displayed nicely in the front and a very inviting bar in the back. The bartenders are very helpful with some great recommendations. The fee for chilling and opening a beer to have there is pretty steep, especially if you're sampling a number of smaller beers, but the tap list is great with some unique options. We enjoyed several beers there and I bought some local IPAs to take home for my wife. It was well worth the visit.
Really laid back bar. There is beer and string instrument paraphenalia all around. Very small because of the entertainment stage. Almost a cafe type of setting with seating out front on the patio, probably more than inside. There is one coed restroom. The bartenders are nice and very knowledgable about beer. They have live music quite often.
Visited in Aug 2017. This is a no-frills brewhouse with a very basic bar and tasting room alongside the brewing equipment. It is clean and neat and spare, obviously run by people who care very much about beer over glitz. The food menu is basic and seemingly all based on frozen items prepared in a microwave, but, again, it's all about the beer. The staff was friendly and passionate about the beer. Beer quality was good, with about 8-9 house beers available on tap. The beers I tried were good but not great, but all characterized by an obvious passion for brewing and exploring exotic ingredient combinations. Don't go here looking for amazing food; don't go here looking for a stylish, glamorous atmosphere. This is a place you want to go to support local brewers focused entirely on brewing what they want to drink. Who wouldn't want to support that?
Awesome kid and dog friendly restaurant, The house brews and pizza were both very good and well priced for such high quality tasty products. We really enjoyed our lunch paired with an Electric Jellyfish IPA and Porter. To top it off they have crowlers. I'd definitely stop by again
Living on OSU campus, this is my go-to bar without a doubt. Happy hour is more like happy half the day, usually from 2-9 every week day. 32 taps are usually good, minus things like bl, bud, and several other macro brews. Recentely had on ST Choklat, Arrogant Bastard, Troegs Mad Elf, Hopslam, etc. Great great value during happy hours and food is rather succulent. The only downfall of this place is it's near all the fraternities so a bunch of douchebag "bros" go there to drink their 312 and bud light. I highly recommend going here and grabbing a pint if your near OSU campus!
I wasnt expecting to stumble across a brewpub in Amsterdam, but this was a pleasant find. The name means the reformed sister/nun (a reformed nun because now she is making beer).
Arrived early Friday afternoon to a not too busy brewpub. Excellent draft selection with all styles represented. Downed a couple flights that included both West Coast & NEIPA, Imperial Stout & Porter as well as a couple of their blendery Belgians. All were well crafted & tasty and the food quite good (Memphis style ribs...yummy)
We stopped through here not too long ago on the CTA pub crawl, and were pleasantly surprised considering the area. This stretch of Lincoln is filled with lame college bars and roving bands of bingeing weekend amateurs. During the day Lincoln Station seemed to be a welcome respite from these crowds though. 
This is an absolute experience. Pittsburgh is filled with little authentic ethnic bars and restaurants, and that is great. This place is a larger than life, authentic reproduction of the original beer hall! 
Not a bad establishment for the location. The previous review pretty much desribed the place, so I will just give my opinions. I thought it was kind of small and too many tables in the limited space. The prices were slightly higher than I am used too, but problably in line for the neighborhood. I too had the pizza, and was disappointed in its size- -it is barely enough to feed a hungry person. Definitely a cut below Fatheads.
Contrary to its title, Zum Schiffchen is NOT a brewery, but does offer a few good beers for its guests. The lighting, the wood, the multiple rooms, and the mood of the restaurant was very good when I walked in. Good thing, because now I was hungry. 
Paulaner is one of my favorite Bavarian beers. While it is actually brewed elsewhere in Munich, Paulaner I'm Tal still serves it up nice enough. Located on the bustling Tal, between the imposing Isar Gate and Marienplatz, and across from the packed Weisses Brauhaus, it is a spacious and comfortable restaurant that evokes a country inn. If the weather is nice, you can also sit outside on one of the umbrella-tables. Relax, a waiter will see to your needs at once. I quaffed several half-liters of their delectable dark lager (dunkles) and gorged myself with a savory sausage platter.
Open, inviting and fairly typical taproom. Brewery proper in the next room, with high visibility due to half the wall being high windows. Wide, semicircle bar with two tenders on a slow Sunday. A ton of boardgames to peruse and play. It was also nice to have booths to sit in. All the brews on tap were the 5 year-rounders, so limited selection. Saison was excellent. A bit out of the way, but accessible and easy parking.
This Yard House is similar to others I have been in. To me that means very good food and a large selection (dozens of taps, but I don't know the exact number) of mostly standard, widely distributed craft beers beers with a few interesting/unusual ones. This location is in a cool open-air shopping and entertainment district next to the Flamingo Casino, literally in the shadow of the "High Roller" ferris wheel. 
The place is clean, spacious, and the stock is displayed like someone actually cared. All the shelves are out in the open, but "warm" is not exactly the right word. Though there is no refrigeration, it felt like typical wear-your-hoodie southern California coastal temperature.
The rear large room has to be seen to be appreciated, fascinating with the pew like snugs, high vaulted ceiling and centre stove. As others have said, only Samual Smiths beers on tap (plus the usual lagers and cider) so not a huge choice, but Sam Smiths beer always worth having. Can be very busy at lunchtimes with local office workers, but with good reason as the food is good and fairly priced for London. I always make an effort to visit this pub when in London, as it just an interesting place to see, as well as having a pint of Sam Smiths.
Fatastic selection when I was there in August. This will be a must visit if I ever get back. Stelllar selection althought there were some stale beers in the mix as well. This market doesn't do Credit cards, cash or debit only.
I love Green's! It's located on buford highway right near sidney marcus, so I can usually make it be on my way home to Sandy Springs from anywhere in midtown/little 5/etc. 
My wife and I stopped here for lunch and to try their beers during our 2-week pub crawl. The pub is located in a storefront setting in a busy retail area with street parking as the only option that we saw. Four long tables were set up on the deep sidewalk at the front of the building, but we chose to sit inside. It was late morning and the lunch crowd had not yet started to arrive, so service was very good. The interior has a very nice pub vibe to it with exposed brick walls. 
Got my case of Heady so I'm happy. I'd say my complaint here would be that the place is filled with 3 month old (and older) IPAs, and prices are tough to find on some beers. A nice big selection of local stuff, just make sure you read the dates if they have them.
In the middle of an industrial park in Waunakee. Nice building, with the expansion currently under construction. Lots of space in the interior, fairly spacious. Selection is fairly straightforward, most of the current Untitled Art brews, and a small handful of Octopi beers. They don't really seem to have a lot of their own beers either- but that makes sense given their relatively heavy contract brewing activity. Decent service, busy crowd, otherwise fairly standard industrial park brewery vibe.
This place is a must try if you find yourself in down town Toronto. The outside is deceiving as it is merely a door nestled between restaurants/bars with outdoor seating. Once inside it has a nice Euro-pub feel. They had approximately 8 - 10 beers on cask! The only bad thing I can say about this place is that they serve mostly Canadian beer.
The Old Town Alehouse is an attractive, non-smoking eatery and bar in old Ballard. The food is very good to excellent. I'm usually not a big fan of onion rings, but the beer-battered rings and dipping sauce are fabulous. I highly recommend you start with the onion rings while you look over the rest of the menu. The waitstaff is very attentive, and your food comes out as you ordered in reasonable time.
Awesome beers! Need to add a couple picnic tables outside and try to expand beer list a bit, but I know that will surely come. This place is a diamond in the rough.....can't wait to try some of their other beers!
This place is worth stopping into if you're nearby, but it's certainly not a craft beer destination. There are about 20 taps, but only a few special selections. Lots of taps wasted on things like Bud, Coors Light, and Lite. They have one beer engine, but nothing offered on cask because it comes out too slow (?). They do have a very good bottle selection, but when I ordered a bottle, the bartender didn't even realize that he had it. Then he asked me if I needed a glass. When I said yes, he gave me a frosted mug that added ice chips into the beer. I just shrugged and made the best of it.
Selection is very good and the prices are very competitive. Not a lot of refrigerated beer if that's important to you. If you need more selection you don't have to go far to find it (The Cellars is very close in Roseville), though you will pay a bit more. I really like the "make your own 6 pack" option - a perfect option for exploring new beers. I haven't engaged their service except for the cashier, so can't comment on that.
Walking I'm, it seemed like it had promise. After sitting for a while though, the wife put it best by saying "It feels like a mall cafeteria with beer and shots." The beer was alright, got the Latter Day Stout. The food was alright too. Got enchiladas, turkey sandwich and a grilled chicken salad. The bar itself was great, but the way felt in there was cafeteria-y. Shots were a bit expensive and the food was too. I may come back to try the other beers they have, but that would be it.
Great peopple and a very nice selection. It is a smaller store, so the selection isn’t absolutely crazy, but I did find a few beers that have been on my iso list for a while. Definitely worth the stop of your anywhere close.
My go-to spot in midtown. Frequently rotating draft lines and one cask, 100s of bottles to choose from - for on site consumption or to go - it's a beer lover's dream. If beer isn't your thing, they have a great selection of whiskeys, bourbons and scotches to choose from. Red and white wines are available as well.
Urban taproom with industrial aesthetic, brewery visible through plexiglass in the wall. Limited food options (pretzels, brats, etc), but the beer is solid. I counted 14 on tap. As far as I'm aware, table service doesn't exist, but the staff seems friendly.
It's been a few years since I've been to Richmond, VA so this time around I felt I needed to stop at the Veil. Unfortunately I-95 had different plans for me, and although she tried to keep me away completely and delayed me by hours - I finally made it! 
Make sure to head to the back bar, the "Snooty Cooter." The draft selection is vast and varied and a ton of bottles/cans as well. Great mix of local and imports. Best beer bar in New Orleans, make sure to stop by anytime you're in town.
Good selection of food that is more or less pub grub and comfort food. Partial to the Mad City meatloaf, personally. Usually a good selection of beers on tap, but my go to is Stone of Scone. Food not expensive, beer a bit pricey. Service has always been top shelf IMHO. This is a must stop when I am in Madison, and I have taken business associates here on several occasions. Nice pub area, excellent pool hall area, clean. Crowd is usually lively but somewhat more restrained, shall we say, than bars closer to UW. Fun place, usually packed.
The general vibe of this place might best be described as a small-ish hole in the wall beer hoarder's den that happens to have the most mind-blowing selection of Belgian beer you will ever lay eyes on. Among the beer paraphernalia, random stacks of books, dried plants, and scattered tables, the elderly couple who own the place serve up beer selections you probably didn't know you could ever experience. I found the atmosphere charming, so I gave it a great score for vibe. The selection is a two-inch-thick tome of fresh and cellared beer. The only downside is that there are, as far as I can tell, only two people working there. So, if it is crowded, you might wait awhile for a beer.
Just off of Pennsylvania Ave., the English pub style restaurant was busy, but not packed on a Monday afternoon for lunch. I like the big mirrors with booze/beer names and the high tables; I like to stand when I drink. The bar was quiet,but it had a fair number of taps featuring English beers. I went with the DFH 60 minute, just what I needed. They called DFH a "local", sure it is...
Lunch and brews on a Wednesday afternoon. Located in Porter square, this place was a struggle to find at first since the giant letters were missing from the exterior. After breathing a sigh of relief to find out that they hadn't moved and that they were open for business, our spirits lifted. 
This place is incredible! This is by far one of my favorite breweries. Living 10 minutes away from here, I'll be going again and AGAIN! The Maharaja is my favorite but they have so many good ones! Great selection, great vibe, and delicious nachos!
Tucked away in behind an unassuming doorway on busy MacDougal Street lies a small bar that is more than meets the eye. With no sign to greet people it can be a bit hard to find. However when you step through the unmarked black door, you are somewhat transported back in time. It feels very old school NY. The bar is long and narrow with some tables up front but is housed in what looks to be somewhat of a covered alleyway(though it is not). Low lights and the bricks of the building give this a sort of film noire atmosphere. The bathroom completes the effect with a beer shrine near the toilet. 
I think this place is awesome. Love the easy feeling of this warehouse. Fun atmosphere with a pool table, kids, dogs (some of the kids played the dogs in pool) and just the type of place a brewery should be.
The wife and I spent New Year's Eve at Max's and then walked down by the water to see the fireworks. Baltimore sure is a magic place. As we were heading back to our lovely inn, we stumbled (literally) upon this Gordon Biersch. My first one. 
I've read and heard great things about this establishment and decided to check them out on three separate occasions over the past two months. I was not at all impressed with this store. The store had a musty/moldy smell and the shelves were bare on all three visits. There were entire isles that only had about a half dozen 6 packs or bombers on the shelves spread feet apart from one another. The selection was nonexistent and pales in comparison to your average Kroger or Giant Eagle grocery store selection.
I live in Montgomery County just outside the beltway. This is my go to spot. Montgomery County is too expensive and very limited on selection. I like TW because of their selection and their prices. My only complaint is that due to the size of the store, and the amount of employees, I've found when asking for help locating items their systems say they have in stock no one can help me find what I'm looking for. I also think they could do a better job advertising the limited release beers that they keep behind the counter. Smaller shops tweet and advertise on facebook when they get these things in stock (KBS, Hopslam...), at Total Wine you have to stay in contact with them about releases and bother the guys behind the desk to get your shot at em. I understand trying to prevent selling someone more than their allotted amount, but at least put a sign up advertising what you've got and where in the store to go to get it. 
Rather small, tight inline location in a downtown area. Decent selection of beers, however it’s a selection of hits and misses. They have some good beers, but plenty of average stuff as well. Adjunct additions that cater to the suburban wife set tend to fall pretty flat. They also have a few wines and some decent snacks. Worth a stop if you’re close by.
"Popular with locals,’t Poatersgat fills an underground passage that the owner claims used to be used by monks sneaking out of the nearby church and into the brothel at the end of the road. Nowadays, the rabbit-hole-like entrance (through a door embedded in the church wall) leads to a great place for a casual drink."
My second son and i visited after a 13 hour drive from the SF Bay Area. We were in Seattle for the weekend to check out Seattle University (which he decided to enter this fall).
I've been to New Orleans plenty and I agree with many who say this is the best place to get craft beer in town. A twenty minute walk off the quarter in the lower Garden District. Worth the visit.
I recently revisited this place after BA nogoodreason informed me that that they had just updated some of the taps, and had Bells Winter Wheat, and New Belgium Bierre de Mars on tap. An early end to a work day afforded me the opportunity to stop by.
I arrived at about 4:30 on a beautiful fall Wednesday afternoon. I was tempted by the tables outside, but was by myself so I chose to sit at the bar. It didn't matter much as the two large garage doors on the front of the building were open to let the fall air in.
Good find while on a business trip. Kinda sleepy, but it was a Monday night. Good local tap list. I was able to try 3 IPA' s I'd never had before from Mad Tree, West 6th and Reinegeist. They we all very good and served in Imperial pint glasses, which is a plus.
Outstanding bottle shop! There was lots of hidden gems I need to go back for. For what appears to be a tiny shop it sure packs a heck of a lot of quality. Cheers!
Personally, I miss the old location. It had a more quiet and relaxing feel to it, like a true pub. The current location still captures a lot of the same feel, but with a more commercial and open feel. The beer and service, however, remains spot-on.
I had 2 beers there and one really stood out - the |Jahrhundertbier vom Eichenfass available every day after 5 pm. I ve had this from a bottle as well and it is at least one whole mark better vom Eichenfass. One of the best Helles - nay THE best Helles I have ever had and I am from Munich.
This place is practically across the street from the Mannekin Pis, so gets a lot of fraffic. I went twice while in Brussels, once in the afternoon when it was empty, and in the evening when it was fairly crowded.
This place is massive. Multiple entrances, multiple levels and multiple bars. What was worrisome was how empty it was. The beer is very average. I didn't stay long, which is too bad because it's location is very close to many downtown hotels and the Arch.
This place had beer that other places in Kansas City did not. I spent the most money here because they had some really awesome Pipeworks, 4 Hands, 2nd Shift, and Defiance beers that the other stores did not and seemed to get them first. The widest selection of beers, maybe not the most in total, but the widest expansive selection. Lots of singles too. I should have left with more but I'm practically broke. 
Recently started buying kits from NB and happy with the kits but not the company. Purchased 5 over last 3 months and will not buy another due to NO customer service. No phone number to call and their on line chat never gets answered. Needed to contact them since a kit was missing a hop pack and another got lost in delivery. Posted a support question on web site and still no answer on either one.
Stopped in at the Bulldog for some beer a week or two back. Atmosphere was bumpin. A lot of people in this place, so it was a tad loud. They had a ton of Belgium beers on tap which really impressed me. I was even more excited to see. St. B Abt 12 on tap. It was very fresh and served in proper glassware, always a good thing. 
One of the four bottle shops I visited while on vacation in San Diego recently. It is in downtown with some homeless around, but honestly more of hassle for me was the parking. However, I'm a bigger guy and could see how some would be more nervous around some of the downtown crowd. At one point, my wife walked back to the car, to refill the meter, because of how long I was spending in there and she was not happy with the downtown crowd when she got back. So, I would say, if you are squeamish about homeless people in a downtown area, this might not be your spot, but not the bottle shop's fault for society's failures regarding the homeless. 
I was there a couple weeks back as a few of my friends and I went up here to play some featherball. As we were walking up to the establishment we were met with the sounds of a live band performing and we walked in to a packed house. The place looked like it had some nice history. Had an old-school rustic feeling to it. We walked up to the bar to place our orders and I noticed quite a few things on tap. They had a few taps that I could see as it was quite dark and the only lights were coming from some Christmas decorations and the TVs. 
Right in the heart of Carson St, this place seems to stay pretty busy. Selection is solid, with about 10 Fat Heads beers on tap, and about a dozen from other breweries. The food is awesome! My friend and I ordered a burger and sandwich and they are huge! One of the best sandwiches that I've had in a while. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in town.
Sunday night. Here for first tme. Came to came to sample the vaunted taps of this place and catch the end of Cowboys-Giants in what I'd expected to be a quiet Sunday evening. Wouldn't you know it but its Karaoke night. That's ok. I prefer the caterwaul of a drunken, screechy-warbling Steve Perry impression, over a Fox NFL broadcast, any day. The singer is doing his earnest Midwestern best with "Any Way You Want It (That's the Way You Need It)".
Best selection of Craft beer on Staten Island. Actually its a place to seek out, as they are as likely as any to have what you are looking for. A rotating selection of up to 6 growler choices. Staff is knowledgable and friendly. If you like good beer, you must come
Mountain Sun (and especially Southern Sun) are wonderful establishments. Southern Sun is a little bigger and therefore easier to get a table at during the rushes. They brew their own beer (February Stout Month is not to be missed) and also have a great selection of beer from smaller breweries that rotates regularly. The blackened chicken sandwich is one of my favorite things on this planet. Mostly though I love that they are laid back and you can hang out and eat a little and drink a little while playing any of the countless board games or read a book and no one bats a lash. Tasters are also free, big plus. I would try to avoid the busy times (happy hour, Friday and Saturday) because it might take you an hour plus to get a seat, but other than that I highly recommend this place.
Great beer bar in uptown. Not nearly as pretentious as other bars in the area. Great beer selection with good amount of taps and bottles. They do a good job of rotating their brews, ask the bartender for any new releases and hidden gems. Good atmosphere with plush couches and nooks to hang out with friends. Fantastic patio in the back for nice days. Food is pretty good, standard fare for bar food. Bartenders are great, waitstaff can be slow on busy nights. Overall a great place to get a good brew, not many places in this area offer this type of beer selection.
Recently opened here in Edmonton - after only one wrong turn found in a newer strip mall in southeast of city'. Food and drinks on a big board downstairs - greeted warmly and everyone there was amazingly friendly. Limited food selection of appetizers and eclectic pizzas/calzones - but not a criticism - do a few things well always a great approach. Three house beers and a couple of guest beers on tap. Had their Cornerstone IPA this was great (sampled my wife's Amber ale and also a winner!). Upstairs with drinks after ordering and cozy room with self seating - not too loud so could sit and talk. Split some pizzas between the 5 of us and they were fantastic. Absolutely loved the place - we will go back regularly (l hope they do well in an increasingly competitive market). Highly recommend for good beer good food for a casual night out!
Cool place near VCU in downtown Richmond. The place is sort of a hipster diner, and everyone is bearded and/or tattooed. Good beer selection (with rotating taps), and the food is good too. Prices are reasonable. I go here pretty frequently. Highly recommended.
Just stopped into Company Brewing last night and wow, what an improvement of the space and beer. Was able to talk with the owner/brewmaster and heard their story, very cool. His beers are fantastic. Very clean, lighter in body, very easy drinking. If you're in Milwaukee or are going to pass through, definitely head there. The space is nice and open with a ton of natural light. Long bar, great music and a small stage for live shows. Will definitely be going back there.
Came in after dinner next door and pleasantly surprised. Friendly bar staff that were helpful and chatty, good selection of beer and never had an empty glass. Had two flights to try out lots of their beers.
Hard to fairly grade as place is small as it is and then with limited indoor capacity to COVID the place is only allowed about 25 people. This meant a real chill vibe, although that's not a bad thing, and the service was rather prompt since it was rather hard for a line to form. The beers there seem to vary in style and the beers I tried were pretty good so this place is worth checking out.
Ok... last review of the 2013 trip... Alewife and I took a day-trip to Plzen on 04OCt13 for some suds and sights.... Upon returning, we made the walk from the train station to Klub for some biers before going out for dinner... A bit out of the way, in a drab looking area of town...
It was a fantastic place to visit, but the hours of operation, combined with the difficulty in finding it, made it a hard place to drink at. I finally got to go inside and found the place to be spacious but not very comfortable. I did enjoy their large selection and bought quite a few samples before ordering my first batch of growlers. I really found it to be a nice addition to all the bars and restaurants that already existed in Glendale from a long time back. I miss the area since I moved away and if I get the chance I will stop in again when I can.
Unfortunately my phone's GPS navigated me to the nearest Great Dane, which was this one outside of Madison, instead of the downtown location. So I can't compare it to the original, but I loved this place.
I visited this place during a trip to New York. I was looking for a place with a good lineup of local beers that I can't get in California. I was not disappointed. The place was crowded but I still ended up with a seat at the bar. The crowd and the bartenders were friendly, which was nice since I was going solo. Its a good place for beer and conversation.
From recommendations of customers at the Flying Saucer, we went to Beer Kitchen for dinner. The food was innovative and tasty. They had a great selection of gluten-free food for my wife, so she was very impressed with the food and selection. The beer selection is relatively small on tap, but the beers on tap are an exceptional collection of non-mainstream beers, and the bartenders were good at offering suggestions. An above average selection of bottled beers, including some vintage dated and rare beers, but bottles were a bit pricey. I would highly recommend Beer Kitchen if you want to have well-paired eclectic beers with original food. I had Gouden Carolus Ambrio, St. Fueillien Grisette Blanche, and Arcadia Hopmouth - all decent but not exceptional beers, but all paired very nicely with bratwurst burgers and yummy deviled eggs.
Unusual layout. Very modern. Service was extremely friendly and attentive. The food was very well prepared and tasty, with edgy interpretations of old standards. The beer was fabulous, as I had expected, but not much from Columbus itself (and of course the treasured Bodhi was off). Plenty of parking makes this pub easy to visit again and I certainly shall.
Hellbent just had their grand opening yesterday, so I went and checked it out with some buddies of mine. They only had four beers available so far, but they rounded out their tap list with a bunch of guest taps.
Huge tasting room in the front of brewery building. Merch shop is on the left as one enters, and the right opens up to a two-story taproom with windows into the brewery. Zigzag bar seats probably 40 to 50, and there are a number of tables spread about the room. Additionally, there is a patio in front with nightly food truck. 25 beers on tap, half were brewery only seasonals and specials. Place had an after-work unwind sort of vibe. Friendly efficient bartenders.
What I had: Draft samples of Hill Farmstead & Blaugies La Vermontoise, Perennial Peach Berliner Weisse, and Dominion Hop Mountain Pale Ale, pint of Mad Fox Defender American Pale Ale and Prairie Artisan Ales Birra, seared bluefish for me, appetizer bread plate, tomato cucumber salad, hand-cut pappardelle, and several sauvignon blancs for my fiancé, caramel icebox cake to split. 
Amazing new restaurant in the Monroe Avenue area with fresh, original menu and terrific craft brew selection. All top notch and rotating. Last night I enjoyed a Stone Cali-Belgique and Troegs Dead Reckoning - both on draft - while enjoying and appetizer of goat balls (fried goat cheese served with slices of apples and syrup) and a home-made lentil burger. My friends were raving about the fish tacos. They also had Rogue I2PA and a sly fox on tap, along with several fall seasonals. Rochester is lucky to have this place. Easy parking across from the bug jar.
After a large bowl of Spaghetti Bolognese and a few nicely priced beers at the Keldercafé De Zolder it was time to head back into Brugge and think about getting a train back to Ostende. Wishing to avoid the usual bars that my friends and I had done during many visits to the Venice of the North over the past 12 years, we once again found ourselves relying on the UKs Beer Ambassador to Belgium, Tim Webb, and his trusty 4th Edition (soon to be revised) of the Good Beer Guide to Belgium & Holland. The Kuppe on page 255 seemed to fit the bill; it was on the general way into town, not far the Zolder and was a newbie for all in our party.
The inside is quite dark with a lot of wood and not much room. Not sure who really goes to the Draughthouse and sits inside, but apparently some do. I've always sat outside, which is less cozy than inside but wide open with metal picnic tables, often shared by folks who did not come together.
Lake Wine and Cheese is new to the Twin Cities beer scene but are really making an effort to become a staple. Beautiful building with a cheese shop, its main area is full of racks of wine. About 1/4 of the store has been dedicated to craft beer though, including a cooler selection of craft behind the craft beer racks and don't miss the cooler of bombers in the back near the chilled wine and champagne.
Stopped by Galaxy Hut last Friday the 6th. Came here randomly with a friend seeking a good craft brew in Arlington. As we're waiting in line at the bar, I notice something peculiar. Yes, it is! Bell's Hopslam on draft! As someone who patiently awaits the arrival of this liquid gold of a beer every January, I was enthralled, especially since I've never before had the wonderful opportunity to experience it on draft.
If you're Antwerp, go to this place!!!! They have a fantastic selection of beer. They've got Westvleteren, Rodenbach, Cantillon, Chimay, Rochefort etc, etc. I had some Chimay White on tap, Westy 12, some aged Drie Fonteinen Kriek, Boon Mariage parfait Kriek (wow what an awesome brew!!!), Vlaamse Bourgogne (yummy!). The staff were very friendly and poured the beers with great care and precision. Very cosy, friendly atmosphere. Its refreshing to know places like this exist in the world, i will be back here one day, you can count on that!!!!!
I came here because I saw online they carried some really good beers on tap that we can't buy bottled here in Texas. Personally I had the Double Bastard, the Live Oak hefewiezen and the Rahrs Barrel aged whiskey warmer. Quite a good night, a pretty relaxed atmosphere as well. One of the bartenders ignored me one time which left a sour taste in my mouth, however when I asked the busboy what the abv was on the rahr warmer he replied somewhere between 8-11%. 5 minutes later he was at my table with a printout from this very site-BeerAdvocate. I thought that was good service and felt like he was genuine. Had a blast that night and the beers were fantastic. They were each served in suggested glassware as well. I look forward to going back soon.
A great place to eat, drink and spend some time having fun; everyone is very friendly and they make a solid effort at trying to get to know you. The food is fantastic and a nice compliment to their main course: beer. These guys have done it right. They started out small with a quality product and they have grown as their business has grown. Taps have increased two-fold and plans for expansion are already underway to support the growing number of regulars. No here-today-out-of-business-tomorrow; you can be assured that the great taste of piping hot smackers and fresh craft beer will be waiting for you served by the friendly, down to earth staff at Brewer's Pizza.
Another low key but awesome local beer spot in downtown Jax. In the upcoming neighborhood of Springfield, this place and Hyperion are definite go-to craft beer destinations. Great variety of styles, quality all around, stylish vibe. Must visit!
Wonderful taproom and bottle shop. Large bar seats about 15, with covered patio seating on the side. Opposite the bar are aisles of beer & wine. Great selection, and they sell single 12s and fill growlers. Staff were top notch. Great experience and hope to be back before too long.
I stopped in last night (July 8th) after going to see the Rangers vs. Angels. I was impressed with the selection they had and the variety of the selection. I had the cask St. Arnold and it was great. Darts were taken when I was there, and the patio/ garden was nice in the back of the house. I would definitely frequent this place if I lived in Dallas. The actual building is cool too, a converted house. They had an upstairs bar area, but I did not go up and check it out. The bartender was very friendly and efficient. She also gave me a little background on the Ginger Man in Austin and how it compared to this establishment.
Atmosphere is good for beer. The low ABV side is pretty big and they feature things such as growler fills, seasonal displays and a decent selection of glassware. The high ABV side has beer highlighted well, not just as an afterthought to wine and liquor. 
Beer is in the back behind the wine. They have a cooler case with a good selection of local beers. A few shelves with some carefully curated selections. Almost didn't come in here, but was out on date night with the wife. What genuinely surprised me was finding a couple bottles of Perennial 17. They also have a 6 tap growler station behind the counter.
cool tucked away dark drinking spot. easy to overlook/walk by without noticing. black door down a couple steps off the hustle of macdougal st. dark as hell. good selection of euro beers (belgium, germany, england, scotland) . most small format beers are 8-10 bucks...not the place to throw down a bunch of beers (for me at least). tiny hallway of a bar that can get loud as hell. if you are looking for an off the macdougal st bar with good ass beer that will cost you with no frills whatsoever...here you go. I can see me getting down here to mow through there list... 1 by 1 though, not on the weekend.
A really unique and interesting place. I know this place is not the only one around with this concept, but it was the first I had visited, which made the experience even more unique.
Been here a number of times now, usually for someones birthday or something like that. In any case, its in a buisy area right off the freeway. On the inside its set up a little different than the other BJs that I've been to. Overall its a bit more open and because of that the atmosphere is nice. Still a bit loud and crowded but still pretty enjoyable. 
Had a good time at The Dankness Dojo. Vibe was good...music was on point...a different flavor which added to the vibe. I wasn't the biggest fan of some of the decor and pictures, though. Outside of that, the selection of brews was great and the customer service was fantastic! Especially from Rich!
Went here for some beers with good friends on my 30th birthday weekend trip to Grand Rapids. Excellent draft and Can list with all 5 in our party not drinking anything anyone else had in 3-4 rounds. The service couldn't have been better with our server being excellent at discussing what types of beers we all like and making recommendations based off of that(not too mention how hilarious he was). If you're in Grand Rapids checking out Founders and the Hopcat, make sure you stop in here as well!
A place I never would have found without Beerfly, and Im glad I did find it. Its tucked back in an alley off the racous Rue des Bouchers, full of waiters beconing you to their resturants. You may be able to spot the various signs near the Grand Place on Rue de aux Marches directing you to the Toone theater, follow those.
Bubbles has been under new ownership/management since about 2012. A very nice young couple took it over, and made immediate improvements in service and selection. Their beer selection is just better than average for our area, as many supermarkets over here carry a huge selection of craft brews and Euro brews. But, Bubbles II (as it is now called) carries DAB, and that is my favorite beer. But, to me, the best thing about this place is their Scotch selection. Everyone in Kansas City knows Gomer's, and how good their selection is. But, Justin has worked diligently to ensure a whisky selection that rivals that of Gomer's. And the place is just north of I-70 a couple blocks, so it's convenient.
The Ginger Man is a hidden gem right in the middle of the Rice Village. Its right next to the other douchebag bars that make up the rest of the street. But the great thing about The Ginger Man is that most of the people that go in there for a beer realize how great of a place it is. Of course there are the people that go in there and even with all of the taps on the wall still want a BMC lite but for the most part theres a good mix of people that enjoy great beer and some good ol beer nerds. Good music, great patio out back and live music outside everyonce in a while.
The guys a bit pretentious. Half the time they hardly lift their head to say hello, but it's a very nice store aesthetically. Well decorated and lit, for being as tiny as they are they manage to keep a pretty good selection. I've heard rumors that they sell New Glarus there from time to time...again that's just hearsay but it would piss me off if that were true. 
I had the opportunity to visit this pub on a recent trip to Japan for my brother in laws wedding. We spent a few days in Tokyo before the wedding and I was able to persuade the family to go to this fantastic beer bar. 
I've been going to The Copper Vine for the last year or so and always feel welcomed by the owners. I think the selection is excellent and I often buy based on suggestions by the owners and have never been disappointed. My wife enjoys their wide assortment of wines and often tries new wines based on their recommendations. The new store on the corner of 56th and Wilson is awesome and has allowed them to expand selection even more. Copper Vine is definitely my go to store!
Great tap room! I was honestly surprised by the nice environment inside. They did have some seating outside, though it wasn't the nicest environment. They had 10 beers on tap with some standbys (IPA, Pils, Hefe, Vienna Lager) as well as some more experimental sour wheat beers. I'm not a sour fan but I can vouch for the Hefe, and the IPA is decent too. Look forward to going back!
I'm in Orlando for the night and found this place by searching the beerfly bars. I went with two coworkers. This a tapas restaurant but they didn't really want to share their food so we all got our own things. Food was great... I had the wild mushrooms in truffle oil, the alligator, and the cheese plate. Great quality, maybe a tiny bit overpriced. We went for lunch on a weekday so it was very empty, but I bet it's a fun place to go when more of a crowd is there. They were out of Lost Coast IPA on tap so I got my second choice... Dogfish Head Raison D'Etre in a bottle and Horny Dog Barleywine. My coworker got the Left Hand Milk Stout on tap and it was fantastic. All in all, a fun experience with a pretty good beer list.
Death Metal bar with some awesome beers. Currently they only have around 8 beers on tap at a time, rarely having their sours and stouts available. really good beer tho. one of the best up and coming brewers in Colorado. also if you like metal this is the place to be. They rotate in local art work as well which i think is cool!
Great historic brewery in Prague. They only serve one beer as they have since they first opened, but it is a delicious dark lager! Cool atmosphere including German style beer halls and live accordion music. Simple but tasty menu as well. Highly recommended if you are in the city!
This is a lively spot right on the Riverwalk, with a pleasant ambience whether you're eating inside or out. I recommend out, since it is the Riverwalk, after all. It's a rather typical American version of an Irish pub, with traditional Irish pub fare along with the regular line-up of Smithwick's, Harp, Guinness, and a few others on tap. I've visited a couple of times, and received prompt and friendly service from both the bar and the kitchen. So, if you're in ol' San Anton', and you don't want to kill yourself with overpriced tacos, guacamole, and Lone Star beer, this is a pretty nice place to head.
Basically a grocery store with a very very good beer selection. The guy in charge of the aisle does know his stuff, so make sure to ask around if you have any questions. They do some of those "you have to buy something else to get this rare bottle" deals, but oh well.
Went here to watch the OSU game, light crowd which was good, heard it is packed during a Red's game. Most of the crowd were into Miller Lite buckets at $10 a bucket (6 beers)
This place is great. Lots of beer choices from St. Peters brewing line up. This is a must stop if your a fan of there beer. Ambiance is awesome. Staff is excellent. The beer is outstanding!
Cool brewpub located on a quiet cul-de-sac in an industrial park. Corner space in a large industrial building with small entrances on both sides of the building. The brew house runs along the east wall with a corridor separating it from a large square kiosk that has restroom on the north end and a small bar on the south side. Essentially it a big square in the middle of the room with water stations and tables on the west and south sides. There is also an outdoor picnic/ game area with additional seating. The bar itself seats about a dozen and there were 20 assorted beers as well as a few hard seltzers and kombuchas. I had the Non-Visible Spectrum which was nice. Friendly bartenders. There is food available; I believe from a separate concession within the building, but as I did not try any I'm not quite sure of the set up. Nice laid-back atmosphere, the place seemed like a great place to hang out in the pleasant California weather.
I started frequenting Brewers a couple of months ago and now I feel like family! Every time I walk in the door I feel like Norm from Cheers with everyone shouting my name when they see me! It's very cool and makes a guy feel VERY welcome after a long day at work! I like beers like Hopticle Illusion and Southern Pecan but now my favorite beer is one they brew themselves; Nine Voices! It goes down smooth everytime. The pizza is consistently good and the wings are awesome! My favorite has to be the calzone! At $6.99 they could easily charge more for it! (don't tell them I said that! lol) I'll be back and I'll bring friends every time!
One of the better craft beer bars in Cambridge. Over 100+ beers on tap I am always pleased that they continue to serve fresh beer. They sometimes offer discounted beers...which is how I suspect they move the slow movers in a category and keep the beer fresh. 
There is actually food on Tuesdays. If I had known that I would have eaten here. The Tacos loked great. 8 beers on tap - including a guest tap from the always fine Left Field brewery - leaning to the light side with lagered ales and wheats prediminating. Peehaps this reflects the time of year.
Beer department has been given a nice bump. They carry much more than you'd think, including very limited brews (I've recently picked up a founders Doom, KBS, plead the fifth, you get the idea) Staff is very nice, helpful, and knowledgable. They don't gouge you either. Willing to break up 6 packs, but also have a very solid single bottle selection. This is the best shop on the north side of 270.
Attended one of the "happy hour" tastings that they have at night from 5:50 to 7:30. Ten bucks gets you a pint glass you can keep plus 6 tasting tickets. Pretty good deal. 
I went to a Hop Broth release and the place was rocking! The beer itself was very well made, the other beers on tap were also good. The place is right off of I-95, so it is an easy destination to get to. Well worth the trip! I wish they were open throughout the week and earlier, I would be visiting the place much more often!
I get what they're trying to accomplish here - a community hub sort of place with lots of activities. Both times I visited there was some type of event happening, sometimes multiple things at once. A bit chaotic unless you are directly involved with the particular event. Nintendo on the wall and video games in another section.
Stopped by on a weekend trip to Grand Rapids. Almost missed the entrance in dark, as it's covered by a black-tent entrance, I assume for the winter. Upon arrival, you're greeted at the door by a hostess at a lecturn, behind whom is a wall of merchandise. Upon entering the main room, there's a floor full of tables, and the eye is immediately drawn to the bar at the back of the room, which is illuminated by a stain glass window. The building is reminiscent of Salt Springs Brewery, also a converted church; but where Salt Springs is light and airy, Vivant is dark and intimate. Beer selection is quite nice, as long as you like sours and Belgian style ales. Food's on the expensive side.
The Bridge is a fairly inconspicuous storefront on Locust downtown, and looks more like a trendy cafe than one of the best beer bars in the city. The tap list is huge, about 55 in all. Taps had plenty of New Belgium, Avery, Odell, O’Fallon, Schlafly, Bell’s, Founders, Cathedral Square, Six Row, Abita, New Holland, Boulevard, Great Divide, Lagunitas, Southern Tier, Arcadia, some Belgians, and more. Great cheese/meat platters, appetizers, salads, sandwiches, and a few other things. The atmosphere is clean, cool, and hip. There is minimal seating on the first floor where the bar is, but lots of tables upstairs. Service was friendly and good.
The exterior of this brewery looks pretty neat with a rural, farmhouse feel. Inside feels much the same with a welcoming atmosphere. An "L" bar offerings plenty of counter top space to order beers with lots of seating inside. A large outdoor patio expands seating dramatically with attendants wandering the patio area to deliver beers. Staff is all friendly and helpful in selecting and describing O'Dell's beers. The tap list spans O'Dell's flagships and offers up a few limited and tap-room only beers. Wonderful place to drink and relax. The tour is nice as well with a few samples available.
This is the closest brew pub to our house about 2 miles away so I wanted to try it to taste one of their seasonal beers. My wife and I went in the afternoon to catch the end of the Georgia South Carolina football game. The waitress was very helpful. I ordered a interesting nitrogenized version of their normal Devil's ale and she suggested I get a taster of the normal version so I could compare. Also, they were nice about letting us take up two small two person tables so we could watch the game both sitting on the same side.
Great bottle shop. They have a good selection of great northwest beers, imports and top domestic microbrews. The owner is very knowledgeable, always has good recommendations. He totally hooked me up with some great barrel aged ales. They get a lot of rare bottles and they are always ready to help you out if you are trying to find something. Prices are on par with other bottle shops in the area. They also have great beers on tap and its a great place to meet people who love beer. I am just sorry I didn't find this place sooner. This will be a regular place I will be visiting from now on.
This is truly a great store located in the Redondo Beach area. Not only is the staff really knowledgeable and friendly, the selection is outstanding. You will be hardpressed to find a small store in the area with a better selection. I found a lot of great local beers as well as some more difficult to find beers. I chatted it up with the owner for a while, who is a really nice guy with a true passion for craft beer. I'll definitely be back often. This store is a must-stop for beer lovers in the area.
Location is great - right next to the ridiculous Mannekin is. Interesting decor seems to focus on costumes and puppets and a small section dedicated to Mannekin Pis. Strange. Another room is cluttered with random beer related stuff, including a whole crate of Orval stuck upside down on the the ceiling. Quiet somewhat older crowd, mixed between beer and coffee drinker. The beer list is great, separated into about 20 browns, 15 ambers, most of the trappists, and what seems to be 40 or so blondes. There's a section dedicated to lambics and sours as well. 
Very cool, low key craft beer bar. A few steps below street level. Not loud. 1 TV. 24 rotating taps with an interesting variety of styles. (Note to self... look-up Patersbier). Food choices limited to toaster oven pizzas and pretzels.
About 15 feet by 8 feet, this is a stall in Boroughs market and not a full size store. For what it is, the selection is good and varied, although I didn't find any Cantillon or 3F that I was looking for. Worth peeking into if you are at the market, but not worth making a trip to visit on its own.
went there for a company christmas gathering. very pleasant atmosphere but the crowd was a little loud. the beer selection is enormous. I tried two or three different beers. I always worry about the beer lines where the taps number greater than 30 or so, but I did not taste anything to indicate the lines are not properly maintained.
I go here all the time. I am not a big smoke fan but the ribs are decent and the gates of hell wings are some of the best in columbus imo. The atmosphere is laid back and usually not too crowded. They have stout and oysters on valentines day that is excellant. They also have ipapalloza every year and all pulls are ipas and lasts for days. The brewmaster (scott) can be seen here most days and is friendly and more than happy to discuss brewing. Now onto the beer. Scott brews some of the best beer in town. They normally have 5 or so of there own plus 2 of theres on cask. A firkin every friday that scott will usually take his beer and add extra hops or dry hop it to kick it up a notch. They also have typically 6 or so guest taps with a great variety and assorted bottles. Prices on the beer are a bit high but is a must visit for the quality and selection. Highly recommended!
On the wrong side of town for me but I've been a couple times now and the story is the same each time - poor service and unable to deliver on the promise of big selection.
This is a funky little joint a few minutes from downtown. Up front is a pizza joint and bar with a decent selection of their own beers. In the back is a functioning movie theater!
In the old Craggie brewery location. 4 regular taps, 2 seasonal, 4 guest. All were quality craft. Appears like they are concentrating on the base Brown/Pale/IPA base brews. Probably a good idea.
Small place with a horseshoe bar, and some high top tables around it. Mostly leaning toward German styles when I was there. Bartender was friendly and the service was good. I was pretty pleased with their Helles lager and Vienna. I wasn't that taken with the smoked beer but I could see how it could be appreciated. They had a Wine Barrel Aged Barleywine that was nice as well. This was a place I could go and have a few pints!
I went last Sunday, for the first time. They offered a $3.00 beer of the day. (It happened to be Tallgrass 8 Bit and Arrogant Bastard by Stone ... nice!) They were also celebrating "Belgian Independence Day". In other words, when you bought a Belgian ale, you got to keep the corresponding glass that it came in. An unexpected bonus, again, for a first time visitor.
Just a great place overall. Huge selection, great food truck options, plenty of places to sit in and outside. Will be coming back again for sure. Don't skip this place if you're in the area.
always something new brewed here. Cool area in the Junction if you are here in the times they are open. Friendly tasting tables. The beers can be spot on or they can have off flavours. There are some contract brews occasionally served as well. Mainly growler fills. Very reasonable prices and the servers try hard.
Honestly, I dont understand the allure of this place. It is always full of people no matter what time of day, people willing to pay 4+ bucks for a pint of beer they can get at other venues in town for around 3, let alone pay a pretty penny for food that is, well good yes, but thats not the point
Great location in the historic distillery district. I always get great service here. The servers are not always beer experts, but the bartenders seem to be quite knowledgeable. They are great about giving you samples too while deciding. I like the rotating seasonals. There is a solid line up of beers always on tap as well. The food is typical pub food as it is run by a group that runs several other pubs in the city. The prices for beer and food are quite reasonable compared to other places in the city.
Great place with a great beer selection, with lots of IPAs., they even have a good bottle selection with several Jester King beers in stock. Nice sized bar with very informed, polite bartenders who actually offer you samples without having to ask. No beer snobs here.
Been to the one in Brooklyn so gave this place a try and had a great time with the wife - the server (we went on a Tuesday night and it wasn't that packed) was real cool, especially when my wife asked for a Bud Light (ugh). She recommended a pilsner for my ol' lady and she enjoyed it, and I found a nice brown ale to keep me occupied. So as for the place it's a a converted warehouse/garage type atmosphere with tons of 80s arcade games to chill with or sit around the bar and BS. Everything was nice, and perhaps my selection is lower than other reviews due to the double edged sword that I'm a little bit of a jaded snob and that I hit two other beer bars before this that had an incredible selection. Nonetheless, great place and as for the beer you will find some local or national microbrew on tap or cask that you probably haven't had before so don't worry about finding some Philly stuff and a bunch of Budweiser crap.
BRBP is a comfortable, clean pub that attempts to bring new flavors to its patrons (remember we are in Indiana). It was the only brewpub I knew of in the state for quite some time and the experience shows with the selections that are frequently available.
Sometimes there’s a brewery where their personality just extrudes across their product line. I’ve visited breweries where they are formal and their beers reflect this attitude—the guy making a beer that follows the German purity law to the letter, the corporate shills who direct marketing more than making a quality product… So to me Speakeasy’s punk attitude has always been a defining feature of them. Their beers—super hoppy. Their employees—punk rock! And they’re “on the edge of town” as they say, in an industrial area, where they play rockabilly and serve up $3 pints of their strong brews on Friday and Saturday evenings for anyone who cares to visit. Worth the trip.
I found this on the way back from exploring the Shenandoah area again. As the name suggests, eighty percent of the store is devoted to vino but even the one plus long aisle devoted to brew will keep you busy for a while. The organization and labelling is pretty haphazzard but they have a ton of local stuff and plenty of regional favorites too and the prices are pretty fair overall. The ability to buy lots of singles for fair prices will bring me back for sure.
Somehow every time I go to Portland we end up here until close. They have an insane selection, both in draft and in bottles. They supposedly always have a secret Pliny tap, but they were out last week. Some people think the place is a little snotty, but I don’t get that vibe. Every bartender I’ve interacted with has been nothing but nice. Don’t listen to any of it. They have a huge outdoor space and I guess a lot of people try to sneak in. If you’re visiting Portland, you should go here. (If you need a cab, they have a button beneath the bar they can push for you. Try it!)
I gave this place a go on my recent trip to Antwerpen. My initial impression was very favourable... no canned music, interesting beer selection, friendly customers, not too noisy. Somewhere, in other words you can read the newspaper in peace and quiet preparatory to re-fueling. But I suddenly asked myself; where did this head-ache come from, and why are my eyes streaming? Looking around, it's a thick haze of cigarette smoke and EVERYBODY is chain-smoking. Now I'm a million miles from being sensorious about this sort of thing, in fact a little tobacco smoke usually, IMO improves the atmosphere of your typical boozer. But there are limits. I finished my drink and couldn't get out quickly enough. Perhaps I just chose a bad time. I'll give it another go one day because it looks so promising.
(Visited 02/2011): Visited Map Room to meet a friend on the way back to the Crystal Lake area from Flossmoor Station. It is located on Hoyne and Armitage on the northwest side of town, not too far off I-90. Parking is pretty sketchy on the neighboring streets.
Went here a couple years ago and had some massive sandwich with beef patty, fried egg, bacon, etc....screamed heart attack. Delicious! Recently back in the area and that item was gone but my buddies and I all loved our burgers and sandwiches. Service and menu selection is good. We shared a pitcher of their seasonal dry hopped IPA, it rocked! Yes, many places to choose from in the constantly growing Ballard / Fremont area. Worth a stop for lunch and beer, at least once.
Note on the vibe - I was only inside due to the 15 degree weather outside. I see very clearly that they have a really nice looking beer garden. I just think the over all atmosphere is lacking on the inside. The hallway to the tap room however is pretty neat because it shows the massive amount of awards they've acquired through the years.
A little different from the Georgetown one in that no basement and they are able to sit you outside (and to honest, not any drunk college kids in a basement, so to speak). Damn good bottle list and a revolving tap list that should please even the most ardent beer drinkers and barfly reviewers here. Servers aren't the greatest w/ beer knowledgeable but it is passable but who can complain when they are nice, quick and don't screw up a complicated order. In fact the only complaint you'll get out of me is on food - being a pizza snob as well and having had pizzas from near and afar, I find the pizzas here good but not great and a little expensive for what you get. But that's neither here nor there - enjoy a few brews and a slice or two outside while you can and you won't go wrong.
Located in the urban College Hill community of Cincinnati, Brink Brewing is a cozy spot for craft beer lovers. Very open design. the tanks the beer is brewed sits within feet of tables. Not a lot of selection. No food but a food truck was on-site. Parking might be an issue if you go at peak times as it's a popular area. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Family friendly. Small bar top.
Adam's is a total diamond in the rough - it looks like a corner liquor store but it's a great spot. I was in the area and checked BA for nearby bottle shops and came across this place. I was surprised to see a good selection including lambics from 3F and Tilquin, Fifty Fifty Eclipse variants, Prairie saisons, etc. Lots of good beer in stock and for fair prices. I returned for the BCBS release on Black Friday and they handled it very well. They used a number system and had the regular stout, coffee stout, and barleywine in stock in mixed 4-packs. Also scored an Abyss! Overall I was really happy with the release and will definitely drop by next time I'm in town. Definitely recommended.
I have been going here for years (the South Blvd location). Originally I felt the service was good and the staff had a decent knowledge base, but now the staff is pretty much clueless about brewing above a basic level. It also takes an act of God to get them out from behind the counter to provide assistance. They are more or less friendly, just not very accomodating. And if you have questions about some of the more advanced equipment they usually refer you to do a web search for information. This is their job, they should learn the product, or do the web search right there for you! I shouldn't have to dig out my iPhone and try and get the answers that way.
So many great beer places are packed into downtown Madison. On top of that, Come Back In is literally connected to the Essen Haus, so no matter what kind of beer you're in the mood for you can find it in one building.
Toronado is a craft beer institution in the Haight-Asbury neighborhood. It's an unique area with Victorian rowhouses, mixed in with eateries and other businesses. Parking can be tough because it's mostly limited street parking. Uber is probably a better means to get here if you're a visitor, like I was. As others have mentioned, it's cash only. 
Clever name. The bar used to be a funeral home, hence, "The Pine Box." Fairly large selection of craft beers on tap. I like the staff, but I am biased because my brother and my sister-in-law work there. The architecture is old, which I think adds cool points to the vibe.
Overall Raccoon Lodge is a decent place to grab a bite and beer. It's rather large and tends to cater to a broad range of clientele, not just the beer lovers. You'll bump into a lot of kids upstairs.
My wife and I grabbed a seat at the bar and the service from the bartenders was decent enough. We took some time to go through the beer list and select our beers. I ordered an IPA that I never had before, and it was served EXTREMELY cloudy, a little funky tasting, and questionably warm. However, since I never had the beer before, I just chalked it up to a beer that I didn't like. My wife ordered a Breckenridge Avalanche - one of her personal favorites and one we've both enjoyed numerous times. The beer was served with no head and looking generally lifeless. Needless to say, it was flat (and warm). 
A friendly, place with a really good selection of microbrews. They say 100 but that includes some relatively well-known imports like Unibroue, several UK & Belgian brews. 15-20 on tap, mostly craft brews like Dogfish Head & Brooklyn.
Went into Julian's for dinner at about 6:30 on a Friday evening. Semi-Busy little street with not too much around, bakery on the corner and plenty of parking. Couple of tables on the sidewalk in front.
The Portsmouth Gas Light Co. is nicely located on Market Street in downtown Portsmouth. I had walked by here during my last visit and was interested in trying the food out next time I was in town. They have a huge brick oven and I'm sure the pizza is good here. While I was there, a pizza lunch buffet was offered downstairs for $6.95. Upstairs offered everything else on their menu except pizza. 
While it doesn't have the widest selection available it's pretty good. Most offerings are in six or four-pack format, not an abundance of bombers. They do have a selection of singles from broken sixers. The staff seem pretty responsive and helpful. They will order you cases of stuff if they can get it and hold them for you. 
beers were solid, nothing that blew me out of the water, but i enjoyed sampling some stuff outside my regular lineup. they have seasonals in addition to their beer menu staples, so, while not a prolific selection, the assortment was enough to find something to suffice. food was decent bar fare; went with a "charlestown burger", which came w bacon and cheddar. no complaints there. service was ok considering we were there before a sox game. would recommend if you're in the area and looking for some grub and a decent brew, but no need to go out of your way for it.
Ri Ra's atmosphere is what you could expect from an american 'irish' pub. without getting to critical though, it does alright for itself on the overall feel. I love the guinness mosaic in the front entryway though.
I went to Sauare One Brewery on a Sunday evening about 7:45pm. We sat outside in the patio area, and it was absolutely fantastic. There was a fountain, an outside bar, and a very comfortable, spacious seating arrangement that was nestled in their corner of the city. Very urban setting. 
Just my opinion, but I really don't see much point in this place being on beerfly. The tasting room is tiny, has no food (despite what the BA info says... maybe I was just here on an off day?), and just a couple of tables (some with chairs, some without). Nothing wrong with the layout I suppose, but it's really not all that conducive to hanging out and having a beer or three. 
The brewery is located in downtown Bruges, and as any place in Bruges, the building is old and stunning. You enter through a little courtyard with the shop on the right. There's plenty of seating inside, but the real draw is the patio, which is right next to one of the channels. Great place to sit and people gaze.
Love this place. Great craft beer selection on rotation. Lots of local brews with a strong selection from other states. The pizza is very good. The sandwiches are tasty. But the surprise winner is the tacos, sooo good. Get there early because its small and gets busy with a quickness.
I love this place. I make it there about once a week since they opened last August, and haven't had a bad experience yet. It can get crowded, as it's not the biggest place, but I've never seen it with so many people you couldn't get a beer. The tables will go quickly, though.
V: Hidden away on the first floor of 137 Oxford St in Darlinghurst, Sydney, this high-ceilinged bar is dark and intimate. It may get warm especially in the Sydney summer even with the air-conditioning on, but mostly a non-issue the rest of the year. Music playlists are eclectic depending on who's working behind the bar, and there's always rotating artwork from local galleries up on the walls.
Vibe: This bar is located a short walk from the Vernon Blvd.-Jackson Ave. subway station on the No. 7 train, one stop away from Manhattan. The main room had a bar on one side with high and low wooden tables on the other side and towards the back. I counted three TVs plus one large TV projected onto a screen on the lower level. A staircase leads to seating on the upper level. 
Damn this building is cool. On the inside the selection is pretty typical of a brewery. Slightly disappointing there isn’t anything more special on draft than what they bottle and distribute, because everything we tried was really great. There is an enormous beer garden out front. Lots of people on beer tour mixed with lots of locals enjoying an afternoon brew.
I would like to give my opinion on this establishment. My experience's with this business has been exceptional since I first visited their store when it was on Busch Blvd. Got all my beginning brewing equipment and recipe from here (Tuckers Pale Ale) extract with specialty grains. They wrote down a site to go to, to learn how to brew, of course you know its www.howtobrew.com duh. 
Chill vibe - this place, to me, is a great example of the well established craft brew scene in Maine. Part of the Industrial Way ecosystem anchored by Allagash, Austin Street has a small spot with limited seating, a small area for standing and retail. Very chill vibe even when it's packed. I've only had growlers filled with Patina and Six Grain; always pleasurable with good service. Obviously the selection will be limited until it expands capacity but all the beers are good to great. A nice place to visit along with Allagash,
The Industry Bar & Kitchen is located in the French Quarter, a little west-south of Jackson Square (240 Decatur). It's a nice looking place. In fact, it's actually one of the nicest looking places I visited! Open air - can' beat that. Decent tap selection; and very good crawfish. Reasonable prices. The service is good - maybe even very good (that can sometimes be hard to discern when it's busy). My bartender knew his beers... but he didn't seem to know about them (if that makes sense). Quick on the draw none-the-less. Probably one of the better stops in town. Worth a shot.
Stopped in to have lunch while visiting friends in Alexandria. Place is pretty slick, but for the most part, it looks like a millon other brewpubs. The reserve tanks are in the center, with a brew area off to the left; they were cleaning when I was there for lunch. The service was so/so; I noticed 5 servers moving around covering 10-15 tables but it took about 10 minutes before our approached. My friend asked for the pretzels that they offer gratis, but the server said they were "working" and after the third inquiry near the end of the meal, they appeared. The beers were fine, but a little pricey. I had a Pale Rider Ale and the Prohibition Porter. Nothing to seek out, but hundreds time better than most restaurant offerings. They appeared to have 8-10 different beers available. Hard to tell from the menu on the table and some of the chalk boards they had hanging up.
Looking like a thrift shop from the exterior, but withholds quality and great times in the interior. Spuyten Duyvil's got a really nice and simple, old-fashioned look inside with a nice garden area with patio furniture towards the back. Quality of the beers up on tap were all fresh and incredibly tasting. Only 6 taps available, but their bottle list is really extensive. Probably the best in the area, especially for sours.
The Great Notion is a worthy addition to the Alberta District (and to the PDX scene). They have created some wonderful high-end IPA styles with about 10 taps. I enjoyed their Three-Way IPA, an homage to the New England style, and a crisp and tasty Farm Hand Sais son. Additionally, it is an attractive venue, popular with locals and friendly to families. The neighborhood is an interesting one with funky stores, eateries and many interesting murals. If you wish to take the bus here (which is a good idea when exploring several breweries), the No. 72 passes by. Look for the Pine State Biscuit sign and enter off Alberta Street. Certainly, another must in Beervana.
Checked this place out as part of a visit to Burlington this past July. I love British styles so I was excited to check out a place in Vermont that was making a bunch of them. The 4 beers in my flight were just ok, solidly made but nothing to go crazy over. The best one I tried was probably the Yorkshire Porter, which was good, but to put it in perspective I didn't buy any to take home. 
I came here after seeing this place made the Top 50 US craft bars from Draft magazine. Good crowd of people sitting on long benches enjoying the NCAA basketball tournament. Plenty of local draft options and a nice bottle list. I had the Moab coffee porter and Uinta Baba back lager. Service is solid and the prices are good. Food options looked limited at best; large pretzels. 
Stopped here for lunch after stocking up at Total Wine 2 miles down the road. Small place tucked in a small strip of shops connected to a food store. There are a bunch of high top tables in the bar area as well as 5 or 6 booths along the side. It was bust at the bar (March Madness) but we were quickly seated at a booth.
One of my go to places in London. I do have to admit I always combine it with lunch. The second floor Opera room is one of the most comfortable and authentic places to enjoy a few pints of Sam Smith's and a great plate of Bangers & Mashed. It's in the heart of the tourist area yet makes me feel miles away. I love this place!
In town for the marriage of 2 great friends. I've had Fat Head's beers before, and visited the location in Pittsburgh. Being a half mile from the hotel, I headed over for lunch, and for a late night snack 12 hours later.
This Stumptown location is my regular stop for coffee. I wait in line, pick up a lb of beans and roll out. I've never stopped to enjoy a beer here but after seeing the decent bottle selection and taps, I may have to do so.
I decided to go check out Ladyface yesterday. It's a nice little place in a shopping center with a pretty cozy feel inside. The brewery is right on the premises so I got to smell the beer being brewed the whole time I was there. I sat at the bar and ordered tasters of all their beers and some food. The place was a bit crowded so the service was a bit lacking but that was understandable. I was able to try 9 of their beers all of which were of good quality (the beer travels less than 100 feet to the bar from the brewery). Their house beers encompass a lot of different styles which was nice. They also have about 6-8 guest brews on tap too. I got their beef sliders which were pretty awesome and reminded me of a better version of the Father's Office burger. Prices for beer are reasonable ($1.50 to $3 per taster) but their food seems on the pricier side. Overall, I was impressed with this place and I will definitely be back even though it's quite a drive for me.
So Ben's got ideas, you see. As he'll be done with his work stint in Baltimore early Friday afternoon, why don't I swing in from the other end of Maryland and pick him up "along the way" to ride back up north. What?!?! How about I head down there and we put up for the night and drink and then you can ride back up with me on Saturday? (See, I've got better ideas). Benny got Rubin to sell our song and it really came together when Davo sang along...
this is an overall great bar at a very chill location. the bartenders carefully pour your beer in its designated cup and wash it through their special cleaning procedure. all the drafts are Belgian or Dutch beers I never heard of but are all refined in their own way.
One of many stops for beer when I'm in the area. This place has a huge selection of not only beer but wine and top shelf liquor. They have whiskies in the 500 dollar price range. They have beer tastings weekly. Clean and well stocked is the norm at this location. I left with 18 big bottles of Colorado, Oregon and California beers. I live in Michigan so most beers here are unavailable in my state. This place is busy no matter what time I visit. My only complaint is no shipping boxes are ever in stock.
I have been coming to Penn Brewery since they were known as Allegheny Brewery of the Pennsylvania Brewing Co., so that goes back to the beginning. I've seen there ups and the big down and am happy to see how they have rebounded. 
I came to Skully's to see a band that I liked. I didn't really know what to expect on the walk over. I was not let down. The venue consists of two areas. The back houses the dance floor and a small stage for the bands. Decently sized considering the caliber of music performers normally booked there. The front has your standard bar with tables around and booths along the walls. Overall, nice location, warm atmosphere and a decent selection of brews. I plan on returning to this place. Good time.
What I had: Ommegang Fleur De Houblon, Laughing Dog De Achste Hond – Peach, and Sweetwater 420 Extra Pale Ale on tap, pan roasted Amish chicken and a side of collard greens for me, entrée, cocktail and a few glasses of sauvignon blanc for my fiancé. 
Nobi Public House is currently the best place in the Bay Area for craft and specialty beers. The selection of draft beers change constantly, so don't go there looking for your "usual". The idea is to experiment with new tastes. They have 40 available taps for draft beer and one cask engine. (Unfortunately, they don't always have a cask beer available.) They also have a good selection of bottles and cans. They do tend to cater to hop heads, but they always keep several selections for other tastes.
Carrboro is a real cool little walking town. There are plenty of cool places to grab a beer and everything is real easy to find. This tidy little co-op is a little set back from the road at the fork but still pretty easy to find. 
Spent much of a lovely afternoon here. Another quintessential biergarten. Service is cafeteria style. Bier was from Hofbrau. The walk from the Altstadt was a little further than we thought, but still a nice stroll through the park. Surely worth a visit.
Extremely underrated nano brewery with a really nice and welcoming taproom and top-notch staff. Their venue always seems to be empty on afternoons. They do not get food trucks but they do allow food to be delivered and they are just south of downtown so that works out well enough. They have a few board games and a few shuffleboard tables. It sounds like they are getting a patio in May. They have a comedy club attached to the brewery and get some decently high profile comedians. With being a nano brewery, their beer is constantly changing, faster than they keep up their online menus. The beer is up there with the best beer being made in the cities. Some of their beer is really unique, but also delicious. A great quality of being so small, their at least one of their two brewers is normally there, and their bartenders are very knowledgeable as well. Their location is not the best, but they really deserve more press and a greater following.
I visit the Centreville location regularly... it is my mecca. There are only 5 beers on tap at any time, they always have the Pale Ale (very tasty) and the Naked River Light (for people who don't like beer, don't bother). The other three are their current brews, depending on the season. These can be hit or miss, but they are usually good depending on your taste and you can always try one before you order one. They list them above the front entrance, with the brew date, the % alcohol content, and a description.
Gritty’s is smack dab in the middle of the touristy area of Portland’s Old Port. And yet it feels more local than anything else, what with the cozy and spacious space inside, the communal tables (as in Novare Res, this must be a Portland thing) and the double-sided bar filled with Portlanders. We sat by the windows looking into Fore Street- good people watching! 
The greatest beer bar in Nashville to try out a plethora of brews. From special release cask beers, to local breweries, 12 South Taproom will have it. Also, this is a great place to watch the World Cup for those soccer fans out there. There are only a few other places in town that have as large of a selection, but they allow smoking which is always a turn off for me and my friends. Try to sit at the bar if possible, you never know when there may be a sampling of a special beer floating around. And with a great patio and no fried food, this is a primo destination in the summer.
In comparison to other places, the selection here seems a bit smaller, but they do have a lot of nice stuff here. It does tend to be a lot of higher end stuff, it seems. Which ends up being a lot of pretty pricey stuff as well; which I am over. My beer splurging days are done. So, I tend to get the more obscure stuff here that I don't see elsewhere. One good example is a Spanish craft beer, which I hadn't recalled seeing elsewhere.
I heard about this being the number one Irish establishment in the country, and I love Irish pubs, so it was a no brainer that I would visit while in this city. I'm glad I did. I'm not sure it's any better than a lot of Irish pubs around the country, but it is a nice place. Nice Saturday crowd watching the soccer games on the big screen, nice old tavern style atmosphere. The food was quite good, and the service was friendly but a bit slow and a bit confused. The standard Irish beers, but some other great craft brews from the region, including Mt. Hood Smoked Porter, a nice Widmer amber ale, a Broken Halo IPA. I tried 'em all. All were good.
A beer-themed bar located in the Mission. We went on their Russian River night for SF Beer Week so it definitely was not a typical night. They were pouring about 8 different Russian River beers. $5 for a 6 oz pour and $9 for a 13 oz pour. They also had 4 other beers on-tap such as Moonlight, Speakeasy, etc. It looks like they have about 12 taps and a decent sized fridge full of some top-notch bottles. The place was crowded but not terribly so. They have beer decorations everywhere which is pretty cool. The have a small kitchen that serves pizza. We tried some pizza which was mediocre. 
Walked into the dimly lit bar late afternoon. There's seating in the front and the bar is in the back with coolers filled with bottled beer, meats, and cheeses opposite from it. You can grab a baguette and make your own meat and cheese board, which was very enticing, but I got a sandwich instead. More on that later.
This is a great place to try a variety of beers. They have representation from most of the styles. Some of the choices are a bit esoteric. They list out the ABV for each beer, which is cool.
This was a huge surprise on our crawl through New York. It is a simple walk from Brooklyn Brewery. When you step inside ... behold; a beautiful little modern bar that emanates class and fun. The shuffle board table is a nice touch but means nothing with out the great beer selection. I shared a 2005 Abbaye Bon Chien with witbier. mmm. and I had a little appetizer and a cheese tray that was divine. Not very filling but impressive. The bar tender was right on top of everything, and though he didn't have all the answers he was at least fluent in craft beer lingo. This is a must see on your next trip to Brooklyn. 
To describe the place I would tell an out of towner that it's a good place for a burger and fries but not the best, and it's a good place to find a local beer you've probably hadn't seen before but nothing too great. I only ate some fries, and they were alright, my stepson said his grilled wings and burger were some of the best he ever had and my wife ordered a burger well (yeah, I know,) and on first bite pink juice squirted out so take your pick. Server and manager were apologetic and polite whole time so no complaints. As for the place itself looks like a place you just hangout and eat, or smoke a cigar outside, but not really a beer bar per se. Beer selection when I went was mostly local from around Richmond and central VA so nothing spectacular but stuff I can't really get down here at the beach. Not a bad place and worth stopping by for a bite if you're visiting but nothing amazing.
Finally was able to visit during a trip to California and it was totally worth the wait. Its easy to find but there was no giant sign outside like I expected. Showed up for a lunch before a 2pm tour and it was a great decision.
We were sitting at Rossi's Pizza in Orlando enjoying what we thought was the best well rounded craft beer selection in the city. (I realize Redlight, Redlight has great Belgium beer.) A gentleman next to use suggested that if we liked craft beer we should try Gnarly Barley. We finished our beers, paid the tab and walked into Gnarly Barley about 10 minutes later. We are now overjoyed to know 2 really good craft beer bars in Orlando. Gnarly Barley has 16 taps all devoted to great craft beer. The generally have several Cigar City beers and others from Green Flash, Dog Fish Head, Brooklyn Brewing and several imports. The owners are also eager to help select beers as needed and to talk about the craft beer scene in general.
This is a rather prominent spot on the main strip of Chapel Hill, a ways down from the main bar area towards Carrboro. It's got a pretty nice feel inside, with a spacious bar/restaurant area and visible (and audible even) fermenters behind the bar. It was a very relaxing spot to spend the afternoon of Presidents' Day, and there are a couple tables outside. It seems like a good place to watch a game, with multiple TVs, but as a Duke fan, I'd like to be somewhere other than Chapel Hill if we're talking college sports.
Walking in to Kimbark, their wine selection is clearly their focus, but they definitely do well on beer as well. The center aisle has cases of macros in the middle, with micros on the left and right. The selection is good (one of the few places I have found Founders, my favorite brewery) and the prices are reasonable. 
I stopped in a Parallel 49 last weekend while visiting a number of breweries in the neighborhood. It was definitely the largest of the ones I visited, with plenty of space in the taproom and a wide selection of beers available (well over a dozen). There was also a decent take-away selection plus a Randall (which, alas, I did not try). The beer I tried was decent enough; not mind-blowing but not bad either. The place was quite busy but the bar staff managed to handle the rush pretty well. Worth checking out, but not exactly an intimate brewpub experience.
I discovered the Hurley's one drunken night, after we end out toward the McKibbin's but it was too crowded. The Hurley's is fun to go at, as every night it is different. I can go on a thursday and the place will be so jammed with people you cannot walk, and on another thursday there no one and you can have a nice calm chat. Its two storey high and in both there is a band or a singer(second(band) first(singer). Also there is a section for the non-smoker who has nice seating. As for the beer, it can be compared to any "Irish" pub in Montreal except they do have Saint-Ambroise. The owner is very friendly by the way if you get a chance to talk to him he's like to hear your feedbacks.
Started our visit to Boulder at Backcountry Pizza and Tap House. Advertised as the "most taps" in Boulder and they do seem to live up to the billing. Better yet, the taps are well curated. I had excellent drafts of Green Flash Founders Linchpin and The Bruery Trade Winds Tripel. 
Old convenient store turned Yuppie beer store. Very good selection but way overpriced. They seem to have lots of old dusty outdated beers unfortunately not any of the good ones that could be cellared. Has a nice collection of glassware for sale but at $10 a glass they are not moving. Only good thing about this place is during Gasparilla it’s very convenient to pick up a good beer that’s within waling distance from the parade. Other than that it’s way overpriced and outdated. 3.00
After leaving Bier Markt, I walked across the street too this place. A modern and industrial decor, with two bars and an intense growler filler. Above each bar were signs that looked like they got them from American Pickers. They had 100 of their own beers and 10 guest taps. The bartenders were quite attentive and nice. Looking at the menu, more my speed. I did not eat, but looking at the plates that came out, it looked good. All the beers were nice, and a nice variety. The only two complaints I have is that I did not come here first, and the staff was quite hipster, but I can deal with that.
One of my local favorites. It can get crowded on weekend nights with the 21-28 crowd, which can get overwhelming only because there is not much room to move downstairs. As far as selection goes, it's one of the best for local bars. They offer all the macro regulars, but have quite a few micros on Tap. Pyramid and Rogue come to mind from my last visit. Many, Many more in a bottle. 
U Fleku crafts and controls its atmosphere to provide a peak tourist experience. It is a bright and lively beer hall, often with musician(s) playing traditional German and Czech songs while walking between its long benches. Sometimes the crowd will sing along. It's raucous, in a Disneyland sort of way.
A Sunday afternoon probably not the best day to review this place. Kinda dead, but slow service. Bought a t-shirt, only to realize when I got home (2000 miles away) it was not the one I had asked for. Great beer selection, nice food. Portland has lots of great choices. Glad I stopped in.
a neat little spot near the river front area. a big wooden bar with the tanks visible as you walk in. huge facility/restaurant, a little corporate feeling, but new and nice and mellow, dim lights, slightly romantic ambiance, but not overly fancy or anything either, but upscale compared to the baseline taproom certainly. they had a good selection of brews, all the standard stuff a light, a red, a porter, an ipa, etc etc etc. they also has a rotating belgian selection (tripel), and four or five excellent seasonals, including a maple coffee winter warmer in a cask with a cinnamon rim glass (an experience to say the least). all beers were above average and the appetizer i had was excellent (lamb meatballs). good service at the bar too. patrons tended to be city suit types, on the stuffy side, but not dicks to me in any way, just not a blues bar where everyone is baked. good spot to bring a date maybe. excellent bottled selections for purchase and reasonable prices all around. will be here again
This was my first step on my most recent trip to London. Got here before I checked into my hotel. I went here on the advice of a good friend who was not able to imbibe here on the account of his wife not being fond of old pubs. 
Not what it used to be. The beer list was around 34 or so beers on my last visit at Easter 2001, when I stayed in Antwerp and revisited for "old times sake". It has a large basic room with white walls, complete with beer tables and some wooden seats. It feels bereft of character sometimes when empty. The bar area is much better but tends always to be full. Amongst regular beers, it still however does serve the House Beer which is a mix of wheat beer and pale ale and strangely, very refreshing. Cantillon and Boon lambics beers are also available. The Great White Eagle is on Reyndersstraat nearby other bars and beer/gin shops, so it is worth popping in for a beer. Whilst here try the Gin Shop over the road and the nearby Herk (#33) as well.
Showed up on a whim and it was bluegrass day with lots of pups on the patio. Got a really tasty buffalo burger. Although the menu selection wasn't very diverse, everything was good. Lots of hop forward/hoppy beers, which aren't my favorite but were good nonetheless.
Visited during our recent vacation to Montreal. Nice location in a residential area in north central part of the city. It is a bit smaller than I expected. Bar area is darker wood and pretty typical of a nice pub. The service is great! very attentive servers. We ate lunch while there. Pub type food, a small but very tasty selection. The beer selection was great, as was the quality. It was so good my wife wanted to go back a second time while we were there, so we did!
Great flat breads with plenty of toppings, nice and fresh. Zero Gravity Conehead Wheat IPA was very good. I will definitely drink again it was very drinkable. The restaurant has a great feel to it. Good atmosphere and wait staff. We have been there often and always have a good time.
Stopped in here this evening after a trip over the bridge to grab an iphone with my wife. I've been wanting to get to an Iron Hill for a while now, especially after sampling their double IPA at good dog in philly. I wish it wasn't a Thursday night so i could have stayed and tried more of their offerings.
Love this place. Easy, laid back. A bit removed from time -- no tv, music, just timeless. Went two days and all staff were friendly, knowledge, enthusiastic about beer. Spent a good amount of time helping me pick out some local brews to take home. A mom with a stroller, a group of young guys, middle aged folks...so unlike a bar atmosphere -- Great beer vibe. Decent selection -- some small brewery bottles were over six months old which I was surprised to find. Could improve by posing reviews of beers to help selection, but then you wouldn't get to ask the beer dudes who seemed happy and able to answer. Will go back for sure next time I am in Nashville.
I liked this place a lot. It was kind of a dive, but the beer selection was pretty nice. I was happy to see the Schlafly Pumpkin ale on tap, and it was almost $2 cheaper than at the Schlafly Tap room downtown. A long and very narrow establishment, the bar runs along the right side wall. There were pool tables and dart boards towards the back of the place. There were about 4 or 5 nice tv's and all were tuned to the MLB channel (The Cards were playing a day game). The bartender was nice enough and seemed to know his stuff. They had some New Belgium seasonals on draft and several other local beers. I was much happier here than at the Schlafly tap room. I was hoping to get back here on my visit but was only able to make one visit. I would certainly return if in the downtown area.
First let me say this is not a beer bar or beer pub, not much selection mostly macros and the standard guinness, beamish, all mainstream brews, nothing really good for a beer geek. The atmosphere seems to be good in the past, I was there last on a Friday night and it was a wall to wall college crowd, I have to say the band was decent, I have been there early evening before and the crowd was more tame than last night, the service was decent for the huge crowd. The food is outstanding and I have never been disappointed, not much of a beer selection, still is a great place to eat.
Great space that's easy to get to if you're at LAX, there's a great bar/serving area, and seating in the brewery - the tanks are right there. Excellent selection and the quality is world-class. Worthy of your time and multiple visits.
Stopped in here when I was in Seattle for a conference. Neat ambiance, HUGE place, and a great selection of Elysian brews. Got a bunch of brews, 4 or 5, on cask and on tap. There was a nice variety from stouts to IPAs and other things. Food was solid enough and prices--while not cheap--weren’t completely outrageous. Decent service. Recommended, especially for game time.
Stopped in at the end of the day to see some of the outdoor live music and grab a beer. Upon walking in the bar was mildly crowded for a Friday evening. Pleasantly surprised they had 6 Fordham beers on tap (Light, Lager, Copperhead, Tavern Ale, Summer Forcast, and Oyster Stout), along with Old Dominion Oak Barrel Stout, Bass, Bud, Bud Light, and Stella. Luckily you could get your beer in plastic to head outside to watch the band. 
This use to be a regular shopping stop when I lived in Longmont a few years ago. I still stop in regularly when I'm in town, about every other month. As beer merchants in Colorado go, you'll be hard to find any place that regularly out competes any others when it comes to price. Selection, however, is a different story. Local residents may not realize how good this place is when compared to others around the country. The bomber choices are phenomenal and while a build your own six may be pricey, there are few other places that offer the variety of singles (not to mention the advantage of getting to sample beers from styles from which I'm hesitant to buy a six). The service is usually good, depending on who is in that day. The biggest ding, as if it mattered, is the atmosphere. It still retains the old grocery store look and can feel a bit on the grungy side. Never the less, worth a visit if your in town.
First time visiting. A bit sterile inside with not much on the walls and not much feel overall. Service was decent but nothing out of the ordinary. Beer selection was varied, quality was decent, but beers with approaching styles they were supposed to emulate but not quite there.
As others have said, this has come a long way, particularly regarding the quality of the beer. Gets a lot of traffic as there always seems to be groups of people making it a regular hang out. Most of the staff are friendly and ready to answer questions. Good to have this only a couple miles away.
I was so happy to stop in this place on my visit to Atlanta. The selection of beer was not a big variety- saisons, IPA, and a sours, BUT all the beer was spot on. The place was a nice social scene and I definitely would return back.
Delicious...of course it was....and the setup was great. Smaller than expected but with no can release seating was available and the lines short. Wish they had more taps available. The taco food truck was killer.
Nice location in central downtown Asheville. Decent sized pub, typical look. Big bar in the center, vegetarian restaurant upstairs, band stage in the corner. Ok so the second one of those isn't typical. They had four Green Man beers on tap (and the stout was also on cask) and another five or so outside beers on tap. Wait staff was attentive. Beer was average. Only had appetizers, mostly typical pub food but fairly tasty. Was there around 5-6pm one day, only a trickle of customers, so I wouldn't mind a repeat visit at night though I wasn't impressed with the Green Man lineup.
nice place - modern industrial decor, multi sided bar, with TV's showing games. you can see the brewhouse through the back wall. and large outdoor area with heaters. decent variety on the draft list, but a little heavy on IPAs. they offer half pours which was nice to try more beers on a first visit and still drive home. I had the brisket sandwhich and fries which was quite good. bartender was quick to serve the next beer.
I've been to the downtown location multiple times on visits to Columbus and decided to stop in at this outpost at the conclusion of a beer store tour of the city (Spagio's Cellar is right around the corner). 
Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon while visiting the area on a work related trip and was pleasantly surprised to find the pub virtually empty, except for a few folks at the bar. The inside decor is typical for most brewpubs. Lots of wood, a large rectangular bar with a board showing whats on tap, a glass wall with some brewing tanks behind it and chalkboard showing what's in the tanks. I only had time to try a couple of the beers, but they were excellent. The Anvil ale(on cask) was very tasty and sessionable. The Pig Iron porter was dark and roasty. I didn't try the food, but the folks sitting next to me said the food is quite good for a brewpub. My only complaint, and it's a minor one, was that the bartender seemed more interested in conversing with the waitresses than taking care of the customers. Regardless, next time I'm back in the Wilmington/Newark area I'll definitely be back.
Its exactly what I came in for. A solid staff that knows their beer, but at the same time won't overwhelm you. The space is great, it was hopping the couple times I have been there. The outdoor space is fantastic in the daytime and at night. There is no kitchen, which probably prevents me from staying longer, but I guess they bring in some different outside places to do pop up food options. They are new so I imagine they will have some additional selections of beer over time, but what they did have was fantastic.
This is a great little family-owned and -run store that started out just selling wine, but something like two years ago (I think) doubled their floorspace and devoted half the store to craft beer. It seems to be mostly run by two brothers, but I'm pretty sure I've seen their father in there once or twice (I believe he runs the Indian grocery in the same shopping center). Their dog often sleeps behind the counter.
Large cavernous room with a long curving bar. I'm here on St. Patrick's Day. I arrived at the right time, just after a Bruins game started at the Garden (less than a block away). 
Nice small neighborhood place with 5 taps, 3 being reserved for micros. They usually have Penn Pilsner, Penn Dark, Stoudts Scarlet Lady ESB and 2 macros on tap. Food is good especially the Fish Sandwich. Large selection of micro bottles in the coolers at reasonable prices. 
The Viktualienmarkt in Munich is possible one of the greatest places you can ever visit ever. It is like a giant farmers market/ flea market where an array of wonderful food and crafts can be bought. The market itself is nestled behind Marienplatz. Every morning, I would go to the market and buy fresh cheese spreads, olives and bread from a Turkish stand. I would wash this down with a liter of beer purchased nearby in the market. There are many giant wooden benches to eat and drink at; attendants clean up after you so it is very clean.
Was really looking forward to going to the original brewpub in Victoria. The beer was the best we had in Victoria. I especially liked that the cask is listed separately from the regular draught. The cask ESB was quite good. The atmosphere was quite good. It was dark by the time we got there, but I can imagine during the day the view is fantastic. The food was quite good. My wife had the mussels and I had the tuna. The mussels were great, as was the tuna. I could hardly finish the meal, which is usually never a problem. The service was the worst we had while in Vancouver or Victoria. The only time we encountered a wait staff with an attitude.
The outside of the place looks rather normal. It could probably use a little renovation. The inside however looks quite good. They did a nice job making the place comfortable inside. It is open but does not have that cavernous feel. The seats are comfortable and the tables are solid. There is a large screen at the one end of the bar where various sports channels are projected.
Great spot. Walked away with a few gems. one of which was a small cantillon kriek bottle. great selection overall. Most of everything is refrigerated. Staff was friendly. Checkout was quick. Def worth a drive
Being from the east coast, this place was amazing to visit. The top-notch craft beer selection, the kid-freindly atmosphere (I went with some friends who have kids in the 6 months - 1 year range, and this is their regular meet up place. How cool), the ticket-based tasting system... all wonderful.
It's all been said before. This is your classic Americam/Irish Pub (chain). Basic beer selection with euro's & locals on tap. BMC and a few other bottles.They really do a good job with any of the slow pours that they offer.
This place is a bit off the usual path. Old brick filled bar in one section, and a back room that had some couches and more relaxed atmosphere. Large outdoor area with some tables. This is a great place for Belgian beers, they must have had almost 30 on draft. I think there was only one or two local Maine beers here. The bottle selection is incredible so if you are looking for the hard to find Belgian beer it may be here. The place was very crowded but the bartenders were hustling. Very enjoyable visit.
While living in Baltimore for 2 months this past summer, I frequented this fine establishment, and partook many a time in its splendid fermented offerings. The beers speak for themselves and the cellar is an excellent place to hangout whether stag or on a date--the lady I was hanging out with at the time absolutely loved the place. Lot's of fun people, great service, excellent brews, and a very nice ambiance make for a wonderful suds-centric experience. A must-visit when in the Baltimore area; nothing against the city, but there isn't much else to do there, so why not spend an evening clutching the welcoming bar at Brewer's Art?
I can always depend on Brawley's to have what I need!! Great selection of bottled stouts, which you can't always find around town. Since they have incorporated taps, it just makes this establishment even better!!
Everything about this place is amazing. Great staff. Great draft selection. Love the option of having 4 oz. pours as well. Amazing prices and an awesome bottle selection for on-site consumption or to-go (though to-go prices are considerably lower). Cool deck area upstairs. This place simultaneously functions as one of the best bottle shops in the area, and being a kick-ass bar. I would really like to get back here some day.
My favorite brewpub. Love going here whenever I am in town. Will, and the other bartenders are the shit. Metal is played at a good sound level at the bar, but you can avoid it by sitting at the big table if that isn't your scene. Fantastic beers. Their sour program is becoming quite good, and you can normally get bottles to go. Highly recommended. If you are a metalhead that is into beer, you better make your way here.
What a place! I live far away outwork around the corner and this place is a great place to wait for traffic to die down, watch a game, hang with friends, take a meeting or even take the lady. 
Got to visit one of the oldest breweries in Richmond! Grabbed a solid hazy offering on draft, and while in town for the weekend was pleasantly impressed with the quality of both their flagship brown ale and lager. The food was great; poutine was particularly excellent. And above all else, the view from the patio was an incredible vantage point of the entire city of Richmond. Worth the trip for that alone!
atmosphere is so-so, the brewpub is located in the center of a large strip mall, the interior is one large room - makes for a pretty loud place when crowded, the bar sits in the center with tables evenly spread on either side, the brewing equipment lies behind a wall of glass at one end of the room, decorations are sparse - photos of the brewpub hang on the walls and a couple blackboards list the seasonal beers and food specials, enough tvs for a decent view from most anywhere, a bit of a sports bar feel, comfortable but pretty unaffecting
We walked in on a Tuesday night around 8:30 pm, and it was packed. The place features low lighting with classy and comfy interior. It's basically just a long room parallel with the long bar (all...those...taps!!), with indentions on either side, making for a kind of shallow "U" shape. And there's a large patio out front, with long wooden tables and bench-style seating. Music playing was Radiohead, which is always fine by me, and the service seemed knowledgable, friendly and quick, despite the fact that they were slammed when we got there.
Went Saturday night and arrived about 7:15. Easily found parking on a side street very close; free. A few tables outside were busy; we went in. The bar starts on the right and curves around towards the back, not huge but good sized. The rest of the L shaped room has tables and chairs; we were seated at a table for two near the back against the brick wall. Our waitress was very friendly, attentive, and had good suggestions.
A great addition to the brewery scene in Denver. Their Baere-Liner Weiss is excellent. The vibe of this place is also great, and the owners have been there every time I've visited to chat about all the beers. They also have had about four different saisons on tap each time I've been by. The sort of place you can return to again and again as the taps are constantly rotating.
While the 9:30 club is a great concert venue (as far as midsized venues that get big acts), it's not a beer destination. It does have a better variety than most places, and is one of the few venues I've been to where they actually have a selection on tap as opposed to just bottles of Bud Light and such. However, it's $5-$7 for a *very* small plastic cup of beer, which doesn't even get filled to the top. You could spend almost $15 here on less than 20oz of beer. Service is crappy- the bartenders don't say a word to anyone other than the price (even when the bar is not crowded because the concert doesn't start for a while), and they clearly don't care about beer.
A nice industrial aesthetic, although it leaves the atmosphere feeling a little frigid. And it usually is cold and drafty in there. The staff is a little attitudinal, but knowledgeable as well. Great brews on tap, and an extensive bottle selection in the back. Stop by if you're in the hood.
Barley's downtown is a solid brewpub that won't let you down when in Columbus. Good variety of house beers on tap, 1 cask, and a small number of guest taps. Nothing to mention in the bottle selection, primarily BMC.
Been here a few times now and could have sworn that I've written a review previously but I was mistaken. This place screams dive bar....lots of local college kids....lots of straight up drunks....cheap pints....a pay ppol table you can use for free because the glass panel is removed....loud (but good) music, etc.
I counted 61 on draft, most of them quality craft selections. The main room has a u-shaped bar plus some tables. There are some newly renovated windows and a spot for a band. But I prefer to go past that room and a few steps down to find the secondary bar that hosts a wall of taps. There are some dining tables there as well.
A really cool place, and the coolest place I found downtown for beer, other than Mikkeller. Anyways, they have plenty of great beer, some that were brewed on site. The service set this place apart. Really, really good stuff. The food, which is vegetarian, was really good. If you serve me biscuits and gravy with no sausage and I don't throw it back at you, job well done.
This is a cool bottle shop with a great selection. They get a lot of special things in, and they do collaborations with local breweries and put them on draft at the store. There’s a nice long communal table to enjoy one of their rare tap beers. Their anniversary beer was absolutely outstanding. This bottle shop is older than and owned by the same people who own Brouwer’s.
I ended up at U Medvidiku after my first failed attempt to find Pivovarsky Dum. The location is a short distance from Wencslsav Sq. It's a sprawling complex with a small pub that is open later than the many rooms of restaurant and cabaret.
Everyone here is really friendly. I wish there was a bigger selection of beer but they are not just a bottle shop. The selection they have though, is really nice. I find myself in here a lot because it's convenient, the place is friendly and they keep the quality beers stocked.
Stopped into this sports bar on a Tuesday night to watch the Pens game. In the city that wanted our hockey team so bad, the 'sports' bar did not have the game. As a matter of fact they only had one of the 6 NHL games available. 
Unfortunately, I live on the wrong side of the twin cities to visit Barley John's to be a regular. Recently, visited BJ's again for the AHA Teach a Friend to Homebrew day, and actually brought a friend to learn from the welcoming Minnesota Home Brewers Association. I attended this same event several years ago when I started homebrewing and the learning from it gave me the confidence to brew my first batch. 
This is the newest of the European Streets around town. It usually has around 10 taps of which half are macros. The bottled beer is where their real strength is. The bottled selection is a little over 100. The service is generally pretty good but don't look for the correct glassware(this is Florida after all). The food, which is mostly German style faire, is pretty good though it consists of mostly sandwiches. There are a number of locals that seem to be there when we go, which gives it (at least the bar area) a more local pub type feel. It consists of a small bar area with a few tables close by and a larger dining area. The also sell some of their beer to take off premises and have a selection that is better than a lot of the local package stores. Just be sure and check your purchases over before you buy-Some of their beer can be quite old.
I have to say that I like this new location and building much more than the older location near the mall parking lot. A much more interesting design, on the outside as well as the inside. I've already found myself coming here more often as it's more inviting, especially the bar area.
I have been here many times over the years but have just been too lazy to review it. Here goes. In Columbus we have a pretty good selection of bars with craft beers on tap. But when it comes to drinking local, Barley's is the place to go...especially the smokehouse location. 
Not much to say for atmosphere. It's a grocery store and it's busy. Really not a great vibe for beer shopping but convenient if you are there grocery shopping (I was not).
(UPDATING MY PREVIOUS REVIEW, just to help clarify for posters as of late 2009/early 2010: This is not a cafe or a place just to have a beer, it's a full-service restaurant. It still rates as a place to have classics cooked with beer, like the lapin a la gueuze. In any case there's little beer selection on offer, albeit a few viable options to pair with the food. If this is seen, I hope it helps avoid disappointment.)
Even if you are not a fan of their bottled beers, you owe it to yourself to drop by and visit the fresh, Cincinnati made product. The brewers really know what they're doing and are tweaking the in house recipes to make some really fine beer. They also have a solid list of guest taps and bottles. Food is tasty, but a bit pricey. The building is beautiful and is in a really lovely part of town. Can't understand why some would say otherwise.
Decided to check this place out when I was in Milford for two weeks and began to run short of beer destinations. Right in downtown New Haven, expect to pay for parking and wait for a table even on a weeknight. The service was friendly and knowledgeable and the beer selection was quite good for the area. A lot of good beer on tap and a few rarities. I had a Brooklyn companion, and a couple of local brews. The food was great, this is how "high-end burgers" should be done. I had a steakhouse burger and it was spectacular. If I ever find myself in New Haven again, or anywhere nearby I would go out of my way to go back to Prime 16.
I've been here a number of times, and I always enjoy it. The food is simply phenomenal, very delicious. However, the selection is really the only problem -- there are a limited number of items with infrequent turnover (though they are usually all fantastically tasty). Having gone many times, I get various amuse bouche and other culinary surprises gratis, which has let me enjoy the full selection. 
Driving up from the south, this brewery is a little hidden. Suddenly a parking lot appears with the face of this brewery behind it. A handful of table tops set on metal barrels with high top chairs form the outdoor seating. Inside is a large, cavernous space full of tables set on barrels, picnic tables, and a comfy couch section. A long bar spans about 1/2 of the space with a dozen or so seats. Beers on tap are displayed on the far wall opposite from the entryway, with paper tap lists available on various tables and at the bar. The bar staff was friendly and helpful in pointing out some various beers to try, what their flagships are, and new beers on tap. Selection is unique, with each beer featuring a little unique twist. The full list of styles is available with everything from a hefeweizen to quadruple, from an IPA to a stout. A good stop for local beer for visitors to the River Market area.
Went with a friend while in Albuquerque last night. Had the Level 3 IPA which was reasonable. The service was great; they put the hockey game on for us. The ambience was enhanced by a bikers charity event. It was a nice part of the evening.
Stopped here on a warm Wednesday evening in Bamberg. It is very similarly formatted like the other pubs in Bamberg. The brewery is in the back, then a biergarten, then a stubehall, then some seating. I sat in the biergarten.
Comfortable bar with outside patio seating. Great tap selection and "cellar". Sports and news on the multiple big screens, but this is not a sports bar. Owner Mike will point out that he runs a full service bar that features craft beer. Great guy to talk beer with too.
It's been a little over a month since my first visit to Threes Brewing and I think I'll make another trip up from Philly this weekend. Of course I'll be sure to get there early before they get to busy!
Came to VBGB this past weekend on a visit to Charlotte. Came with a group of mostly people not overly interested in beer, but I was able to find something everyone enjoyed. Great setup of the menu wall breaking beers down by category. This was great for me since I wasn't familiar with too many of the local breweries or beers. Allowed me to pick the right beer for each person.
This was a decent stop in while I was in town last. I had never really thought of stopping in here before, but for some reason decided to check this place out. It was fairly decent, nothing to write home about or go seriously out of your way to get to. Relatively small place with a decent selection and a nice sized patio. I sat outside and had a foothills, nothing that special. Its a cool place to hang out but I really would not call it a destination for beer. Did not try the food as I wasnt hungry, but the place is ok
For my money, MUW has perhaps the most consistent high quality lineup of beers in Victoria. Not flashy beers, not wacky fruity beers, not high alcohol beer bombs -- just good well balanced beers. And my veggie burger was good too -- it's steep at $13 but tasty and lots of above average fries. Good friendly service. 
They carry Rip current and guest beers. Growler service to tasters. In house Sublime kitchen gets an A. Nice slide open doors for a breeze. They do not brew at this location. Plus Rip Current beer is great.
Victor's recently came under new ownership, and it sounds like it's making quite the difference (based on previous reviews). The new owners are long-time homebrewers and (more so) winemakers and have worked hard to expand the selection of ingredients, and have replaced the out-of-date backstock with fresh ingredients, regularly rotated out. They're now offering homebrewing and winemaking classes, and are always keen to answer questions and "talk shop" with fellow beer geeks. 
My son and I visited this store a few times in the past several weeks. Both times, the employee we dealt with at checkout didn't seem to be too friendly. It appeared that we were taking time away from his day - both times we visited.
A bit of a dive, but these guys make the best beer. Highly recommend. Ironically I’m not a big fan of their flagships beer geek breakfast, brunch, dinner, etc line, but everything else is top notch. Their hazy ipas that continually rotate are other-worldly. A large portion of their beers are over 10% ABV, so come here to sip like a snob (although that’s not the vibe), not pound pint after pint. Not for beginners, but once you start to appreciate beer, this place will blow your tits off.
Stopped in for lunch on Saturday afternoon. There's an outdoor patio for seating, which must be nice in the summer. Inside, it's a bit cramped, but not bad. Open kitchen with a huge pizza oven at the front. We started with a round of beers and the Salty Pig charcuterie plate. Beers never came, so we had to ask for them. Just about finished with the plate when they arrived. Next course was pizza. Thin crust, not huge, but enough to share. Very tasty food all around. Beer selection was good, with only craft on the menu. Prices were a bit steep for beer. I'd recommend coming for dinner next time, as the lunch menu is already set for the meat platters, so you cannot customize the order to your particular tastes, as our waitress said you can at night. Overall, a fun stop for lunch.
By far my favorite watering hole!!! 24 delicious beers on tap including stouts, imports, pale ales, and various seasonals. They offer a very competitive happy hour including Abita Purple Haze and Sam Adams Boston Lager pints at $2.99. No crap on tap is their motto and it shows in their beer selection. The bottle selection is limited but does include Samuel Smiths. Very laid back place to hang with a huge patio that hosts really good music. The service is very exceptional with a hippie ambiance that makes it that much more enjoyable. Their pizzas are the best in town, my favorite being the Thai Dye Pie.
Went to Black Star on a beautiful spring-like day in January. As soon as you walk in you notice that this place is pretty unique - emphasized by the fact that it is the only brewery co-op in America. There are two lines when you walk in - the line to the left is for food; the line to the right is for beer. 
Stopped by during a recent trip to San Diego. This place has a unique blend of liquor/wine store, bottle shop, artisan eatery and draft beer bar. It's mostly a liquor store that specializes in wine but they have one long aisle dedicated to craft bottles. One side is room temp bottles while the other is lined with coolers. 
Being about 7 blocks from my office, I would drive or walk by here regularly and notice the bummy looking boomers smoking in front, talking loudly and looking drunk. Apart from the name, nothing made me think this place was different from all the other crusty bars in the neighborhood. A few reviews on BA convinced me to check it out.
disclaimer: review based on my impressions after a single visit. there was no help available, but then again we were in late, near closing time, and it is a grocery store... so i'll leave the "service" score at average, pending a subsequent visit.
This is not a beer bar. This is a place for kids with fake ID's to try and sneak into on Friday and Saturaday nights, and for older divorced men to enjoy the sometimes cute waitstaff.. Be straight about that, set your expectations accordingly, and you may have a good time. When I first turned 21, this place was THE spot to be in Richmond without going downtown. However on a recent trip back on a friday and a subsequent Tues, the crowd in this place has thinned out...Alot. High prices (4.00 Macros and up), a trend back to the nearby BW3's, maybe even higher gas prices, seem to have strayed people from this Bailey's..however, on a Friday night you can have a decent beer... Legend Brewing or similar, have enough cigar and cig smoke inhaled to make you die a year early, and have the opportunity to play some pool or throw a few darts. 
I purchased a kegerator conversion kit from Steinbart. They walked me through everything that I needed to know and were responsive to my questions. The installation and conversion went just as planned, in part thanks to the assistance of their staff. They seem to have a lot of events for homebrewers but I have not been to one yet. 
A-The place is tiny. It is laid out a bit like your grandmother's house with stuff packed on every shelf space available...seriously, the place is just an old house converted to store. It works, however, in a cozy sort-of way. There is a selection of nice wines up front and beer coolers stashed in towards the side and back (look elsewhere for the MD 20/20 and Carlo Rossi). They also stock a small selection of high-end and local spirits.
Small brewery a short way from Jester King... hopping St Patty's crowd. Long L-shaped bar seats 18 with some counter tables and large outdoor patio. 10 beers on tap, the one I had was solid. Friendly server. Did not try food.
Owned by the same folks as Logan's Alley... One of the better selections of beers on tap in Grand Rapids. Can be smoky at times. Food is interesting mix of traditional English pub fare mixed with some Indian spice. A great place to meet friends, especially out on the patio in the summer. They always seem to have some great stuff from Rogue on tap and for Stella fans, it's served in the proper glassware. Have some local micros on tap and some traditional English favorites. Would like to see them get Newcastle Brown on tap sometime.
After reading the reviews on here, I decided this needed to be the place to stop. It also happened to be closer to get to from my hotel. I arrived right at opening on a saturday. I was a little curious on my first step in. The place is rather dark for a store, but not dark enough to hinder movement. There were two employees and myself. I was greeted as soon as the door was opened. After doing a quick walk around, I was offered assistance. I immediately asked about Pliny the Elder. That has been my top sought after brew for a while. It isn't' available near me. I was then told there is a limit 1 per customer. That was fine, as I can understand due to limited quantities.
Doesn't look like much from the outside, but when you get inside you can tell its definitly a beer place. The store is extremely crowded and almost difficult to navigate around the shelves of beer. Lots of beer in the coolers and on shelves, but the store did feel air conditioned. 
From a review a few down: "The doorman, a new thing at F.O. while we were gone, asked to see our I.D. In unison, the Mrs. and I said "No" and walked right by him to be hugged by the bartender and welcomed back."
No sign outside, but across the street from 't Poatersgat which is more clearly marked. It's just a staircase down from the street with a few beer signs, no outward indication of what waits below.
Been to all three Eppig locations - now closed North Park, the harbour view by OB, and now their Vista location. This is a big open space with plenty of room, a nice outdoor patio area - modern, spacious.
Housed in a pretty rad former chapel/funeral building in the Capitol Hill neighborhood, this pub has a pretty solid selection of Pacific Northwest Beers. I was pretty impressed with the quality and expedient service. Great place to drink pints!
Uinta Brewing is an interesting microbrewery located in a state with enough restrictions to make a man weep. While the beers that they produce inherently can't be as complex as beers from, say, New Belgium they produce a number of decent products while maintaining a number of similiar enviromental efforts similiar to NB.
I love this place. The atmosphere is very british pup esque, just off the main drag of busy university, you walk into a cozy pub with comfy low key lighting and nice woodwork throughout, and yes, crazy crap on the walls, but tastefully so. Seems to always be busy, especially before a game, my favorite place to go before a hockey game, the atmosphere is great. The beer selection is fairly big, although by local standards its nothing impressive. You will no doubt still be able to find a good beer, and it will definitely wash down an excellent burger. All specialty burgers, they are not obnoxious half pound burgers; carefully prepared to house standards (slight pink, medium rare), these burgers are succulent and delicious. You can even get an ostrich, lamb, or bison burger if that suits your fancy. Have not had a burger yet that I havent loved. Check this local standard out, some may not agree, but I do believe they stand by their burgers, and they are some of the best in town.
Started off the second day of my Portland beercation here with a tasting flight. HotD has a spacious tasting room, and during the hour or so after opening my party had no trouble finding seating or getting service. Beers were surprisingly hit-or-miss, as I had heard, although I think their big beers remained across the board excellent.
My boyfriend and I recently moved to Denver and have been searching for a liquor store near us that has a wide variety of beer/wine and a staff that is knowledgeable about their products, we can officially stop looking because Mr. B’s has got it all.
It's an interesting location. Definitely clean, and very industrial in design. The beer was average, but prices were decent. Staff was friendly, even though it was relatively busy...some advertising firm was having a business party.
Stopped here and made our way to the bar. The place is awesome, the bar and dining area are underneath the house and around back. It gives off a more upscale type of look to it. The service was great, the beers were good and the menu for food looked really impressive. I wish I would have waited to eat here instead of eating at Torched Hop. If I ever find myself back in Atlanta I'll definitely be stopping back here.
For anybody that lives in the Arlington area I would not recommend going here if you are looking for a beer bar. The food itself is decent, although the few times I've been the service was not amazing. They do not exactly have a great beer selection, and quite frankly I am surprised they are even listed on here in the Directory. If you are looking for a good beer bar, walk 100 yards around the corner to the Capitol City Brewery and you will find a much better beer selection. But if you are looking for a quiet place to eat dinner, this may be the place for you.
Nice, low-key place with a cool vibe. Good place to hangout with friends on a Friday night. Food is pretty good, beer selection isn't huge but has pretty quality choices.
The tap list can be quite good, and much better than you'd expect from a place which is part of a chain. As for the food and service, they, too, tend to be better than the norm. If you're in the U-Village area, just go here. Simple enough.
Guess where the Manneken Pis tavern is located? Surprise, across the street from the Manneken Pis. As the Poechenellekelder was packed to the gills, I found this less crowded bar to drink at. Naturally, there's a little Manneken Pis theme going on in the bar, as you will see replicas of the statue surrounding the bar. The bar is shaped in a semi-circle, and there are tables scattered throughout.
Excellent selection of hard to find craft beers. The owners know their stuff and are very engaging with everyone. The food choices are somewhat limited but the food is fresh and you can't go wrong. The atmosphere is really chill without the distraction of TV's. Awesome place!
After a visit to The Cloisters in nearby Fort Tryon Park and a stop at a wine store in Upper Broadway to buy some prized and precious Pedro Ximenez, I ventured down to this crazy-huge warehouse of all things drinkable located where Manhattan dies and the Bronx is so close you can almost touch it. 
I went on a Saturday afternoon and will never be back again. Rude bartenders. Sub-par selection. Average beer. Decent vibe once you forget about how awful the bartenders are. The bartenders look like they want to kill you. They were missing 4 out of ~8-10 handles. They told me they had no plans on putting any new beer on. I find that odd since it was roughly 3-4pm on a Saturday. Honestly, I feel like they were lying to me. Avoid this place at all cost. Spend your money at newer breweries like Zaftig or Zauber.
I was very impressed with this brewery, which has been around for a while but doesn't distribute much of their beer. So you pretty much have to go there to try it, and that makes for a fine afternoon of drinking. I got a couple of flights so I could try at least 8 of their beers, and that was still only half of their selection. I enjoyed virtually every one of them, even those that weren't my preferred styles, so that tells me they know what they're doing. Nothing fancy inside, but lots of outdoor seating too if you like. There are a bunch of breweries on this stretch of road, but make sure to stop here if you're making the rounds.
Just outside the city center but close to the New Town Brewpub and U Fleku. This place makes all manner of weird flavored beers. I suggest sticking to the dark and light unfiltered/unopasteurized lagers; some of the best in Prague. Very tasty; but banana and nettle beer is not my thing. Go for the beer (they will serve it to you in a giant 4 liter thingy; food and service were solid. I had the braised/roast pig knee (Koleno) HUGE portion served with mustard, grated horseradish and cole slaw. I waddled out....
A great WOB, super friendly staff, good tap list and solid food offerings. They also catch a good amount of allocation from the Tampa area. Never had a bad experience in this place!
Awesome bar on the edges of Little Italy. Arrived right at opening, and ran into the owner of Hopfenstark, Frederick delivering his kegs. Despite being exhausted he took the time to talk beer - really wish we could've took him up on his invite to the brewery. Next time. Really wish we had places like this at home. A must visit.
The mystery in this place's location was finally solved. A small sign (pic submitted) with no writing, hanging over some windows on a building down an alley. My beer nose found it...
I visited this establishment for the first time on August 10, 2007 (Day 1 of Toronto's Festival of Beer). The beer menu is a fine book. It contained 129 beers from around the world of many different styles, heavy on the Belgians. The atmosphere is upscale casual on the inside, with an ample sized patio. The service was very good, no hovering, and knowledgeable about the product. The value was excellent, the prices were slightly less expensive than some of the other beer restaurants in the city.
I've been here twice now. Once during a slow afternoon and once during a Friday night rush Both times the food,service, and beer selection were excellent. The pork belly sandwich is especially good paired with your favorite IPA to cut through the delicious pork fat. If you follow them on Twitter or Facebook, you will always know what beers are on deck. They give their customers a say on which beers to acquire with their "New Beer Wednesdays" poll. I will be back again without a doubt.
A nice tap room with a good selection. It's a little too modern for my personal taste, especially since I think they're going for the "neighborhood pub" atmosphere; just doesn't really have that kind of homey feel to it, but that's okay. It's clean, and everyone seems in great spirits while there. There's ample seating and usually food trucks outside, which is a great touch for a place that doesn't offer its own food menu. Good to see a place specializing in a lot of German beers and lagers. The Mexican Chocolate Stout is something special.
Just a few minutes walk from Covent Garden area, or Charing Cross Station, this little pub is a real gem! Small frontage, though a bit bigger inside than expected. Traditional Victorian style, and made very welcome by the friendly landlady. Lots of beer pump clips on display showing beers past and present! Seven hand pulls on at time of visit, with beers from Brains, Timothy Taylor, Sambrooks, Adnams etc and those we tried were first class and reasonable prices for central London.
Stanley's Northeast Bar Room definitely has that Nordeast feel to it. There is always a nice mixed crowd there: young and old, hipsters and hippies, locals and transients. The tap selection is darn good with 32 taps total most of which are devoted to solid craft options. They carry all the local Twin Cities breweries, even the really small new ones like Harriet and Fulton. They also have a nice variety of American craft beer from outside Minnesota including Odell, Bells, Alaskan, Brooklyn, and Goose Island. The food I've had there has all been done well. It is regular bar fair with some nice bar-b-que options. I highly recommend the brisket. Service has been good to great on my visits. Some of the bartenders really know their stuff when it comes to the beer, and some don't. However, they have all been very prompt with getting drinks/food, and have all been very good at checking in to see if anything is needed. Overall, I really like Stanley's, and will go back regularly.
The taproom is in the brewing facility. This is my 2nd or 3rd visit and service has always been excellent and knowledgeable, even for a brewery taproom. More seating than expected, especially if the weather is good enough to take advantage of the outdoor seating. 
This bar has a large selection of beer, the biggest tap selection of beer that I have seen in milwaukee. 50 taps, with a nice variety. The have a few taps dedicated to macros, several taps of their house beer that is contract brewed by grays, 3 daschunds, which i did not try, and many other various beers. Including some tasty belgians. They had la chouffe, piraat, and a couple other belgians on tap. Some other standouts I tried were the rogue i2pa, and new holland dragons milk. The atmosphere here is very nice. The build was built over 150 years ago and served as a stop between milwaukee and racine. The bar maintains the old world feel. I will definitely be stopping back, I only wish I lived closer
Bringing my friends from Taiwan to the British Museum today, and I finally got the chance to stop by this pub when I had enough of Mummies... I was quite pleasantly surprised to find the 6 handpumps serving some quality ales: Theakston Old Peculiar, Harvey's Best Bitter, Timothy Taylor's Golden Best, Highgate Irish Whisky Ale, Wentworth 6X and London Pride. I had a half-pint of Golden Best to test the water, but the result was just o.k. If the other reviewers of this beer are not jaded in favour of it, I'd say I didn't have a perfect pint. Also, considering the beer was served short-measured (with a 1.5cm-thick beer head in a half-pint glass!! Gosh.) and that I had to politely remind the inexperienced barmaid of the fact, the service was not ideal at best.
Decent selection and prices on the beer but several had off-flavors. Unfriendly bartenders. Food was bland and uninteresting. Did not live up to expectations (or BA ratings) and I do not expect to be back, too many other places to try.
Gold Star is a tiny little place... a narrow room with a long bar on the left and some seating on the right. 50 people in here would be pushing the limit. I managed to score a place at the bar.
Solid 4. The place is always clean and well kept, service is good and they have a good range of beers on the menu at any given time, which usually includes one or two barrel-aged offerings. Theyre right next door to Amplified Ale Works which is cool because you can hop back and forth. My only real gripe is the amount of space. Its not super roomy and normally that isnt an issue but if its a beer release day, it gets packed and sweaty. Plan accordingly.
This is a pretty new place in Denver, and I got there a little more than two months after it opened. As such, they're still tweaking some recipes, but that's fine; any new brewery will do that to improve their product. It's near a pretty busy area, so they get lots of foot traffic, and I hope they do well here. Nice people, cool atmosphere, pretty decent beer - sounds like a good place to me.
I stopped in at Urban Family last night. I've had their beers before, but had never visited; it's an industrial space down by Fisherman's Terminal in the Magnolia area of Seattle. Its atmosphere definitely retains the industrial feel, as the taproom, brewery and barrel house are all in one big room. It's got plenty of space, and was pretty busy when I visited.
Great place to find a large selection of craft beer in AZ, and you have to credit to a place that has monthly tap takeovers from breweries around the nation. The owner/manager has his/her pulse on the trends and understands there is a large population of craft beer lovers in AZ.
Fiume (named after the [in]famous Free State of Fiume) is a perfect definition of a dive bar. Small, poorly lit, unmarked and upstairs from a more reputable place, it's not going to challenge Sole Food in the looks department-- but what it lacks in polish it makes up for in ambiance. This was my favorite place to head after poking around the now-demolished Oil Cans. It's a cozy, friendly place with a pretty good selection of craft brews-- Stoudt's comes to mind. Stinking Lizaveta was easy to spot here when I lived in Philly. I still manage to make it back there every so often.
A great spot. This place is absolutely HUGE. The beer selection is solid with a nice mix of locals, Europeans, US imports and a few nice lambics as well. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful.
Went in the middle of the day so it was not busy. Service was outstanding and good beer selection of theirs and some other breweries. Looks like a great place to sit on the patio and watch the world go by.
Long bar in a semi hipster warehouse place with large artwork on the walls. Beer was decent, but staff had to ask each other about the stats on the beers when I asked. Parking can be tough. Vibe lively.
Stopped in with hopes of finding some things that were unique to the San Diego area. I did find some Lightning Brewing and two week old Ruination, but otherwise this BevMo was a little bit of a letdown in terms of selection. All the "generic" beers that you could find at a BevMo are here: Delirium, Ayinger, Unibroue, Rogue, Olde Suffolk. Nothing really wrong with the beers they were stocking, just not much that really jumped out in a way that said "wow, I've never seen this". On the bright side, the beer is located towards the back of the store away from sunlight, and the pricing is competitive. For a more unique selection, I'd go towards Texas Liquor in Carlsbad, but BevMo will do when you are in a pinch.
I stopped by for a couple pints and some dinner. The servers were quite friendly and I like the setup of the bar - large and approachable with ample seating and a few games on the flatscreens. Had the Cuban Stack sandwich and a salad to eat; both were very tasty. The tap lineup is among the best in the city and I was impressed with the number of drafts from smaller Ontario crafters and recent upstarts. Lots of Quebec and U.S. options as well. Ended up going with a Clifford Porter and Rainhard Armed 'N Citra, the former of which was outstanding. They may encounter issues with turnover going forward, but overall I was extremely satisfied with my first visit. They're basically the Yard House of Toronto, and providing they can move their kegs in a timely fashion, that's not a bad thing in my books.
Nice location, easy walk from light rail. Nice open space, gets a bit loud, but not offensively. The beer is pretty good, wide style selection, nice merchandise for sale. The staff has been friendly and attentive on each visit. Growlers available to go. Close to other breweries, can be part of a nice walking tour.
Great selection of Michigan beers, the best I have seen in the western part of the state. Most everything is available as a single. Prices were $1.99 to $2.49 for typical 12 oz singles, but great to be able to taste more of the variety when you're just traveling through.
The place is aptly named the Smokehouse! As I entered I asked for the non-smoking section and was told the whole place is smoking and was shown to a section where I was told no one was smoking. Of course the guy next to me had a cigar so I went back to the hostess (AKA eye candy) station and was told very nicely that I could just sit anywhere I cared to. That is when I realized the hostess was just eye candy when you can nix their decision of seating.
Small and cozy and friendly neighborhood place (not far from Northbound brewpub) with friendly staff and good food (not too fancy but tasty and made with good ingredients). About 30 beers on tap with a good mix of locals, others that distribute to MN, a few international offerings, and a good mix of styles. I had an Odell Friek and an AleSmith .394. Good bottle selection, too. Not a destination on its own, but def recommended if you're in the vicinity.
On business in Denver, my co-worker really talked this place up. From the name Cherry Cricket, I was worried that this was a pseudo-British pub type place; you know the ones that have overly whimsical names like “The Whittling Fig Pub” or something.
A dark bar, with huge wood beams in the low ceiling. Small traditional green tiled oven (heater), which they were using when I visited in March. The decorations are old pictures instead of the traditional dead animals, and a 1920's radio in one corner. There are two smallish rooms, with some people at most tables but plenty of space when I visited on a weekday lunchtime. They had self service pretzels on a stick above the bar, and a kitchen open. The man I shared a table with was supplementing his meal from the kitchen with bread, pickels, and more meat from his bag. In the hallway there are some standing spots and a window to the taps, and many people chose to stand out here and talk, even though there was plenty of space to sit. I was the only tourist, but still felt welcome here. Great atmosphere, great beer. If they used wooden casks this would be heaven. One of the best spots in Bamburg, and definitely worth seeking out.
On a beautiful late summer afternoon, I had the chance to re-visit this wonderful beer cafe. My first visit was many years ago, on a cold winter night. Then, I sat inside...this time, a colleague and I shared an outdoor table. This place has a wonderful Belgian beer list...countless options, many of which I have never seen. They are always served in the brewery's specific glass, at the proper temperature, and poured for you with great skill and care. The prices are incredibly reasonable, and the ambiance is pure Brussels The only downside is that the food menu is limited and fairly average. Still, it is absolutely worth a visit if you are in the area.
This place, which is Sydney's oldest hotel, is a must try if you are in downtown Sydney, as is nearby (sort of) Redoak. If you're a beer nerd, don't skip out on these two places!
Had sort of a hippie feel to the place although the servers wouldn't necessarily fit that profile. I did a flight and the beers were good with a few special ones. The IPA seemed to be the best... the service was good but it was an early afternoon so it wasn't packed or anything. I would visit again if I was in the neighborhood but still need to explore other places first next time I get to Seattle which might influence that assessment at a later time.
An easy, and I mean a stupid easy, drive from Hale’s. And hey, thems people are leaving; we can take their spot if you spin a U’ey in the street, wait, now, and really, you pull straight into the spot, not backing in, who are you? Free waste assessment forced by having to look at the garbage cans prominently placed out front. Anyway, past the containers, around the bend and in…
Dudas used to be a must stop beer bar in Fells. You'd never know what the stash of bottles or the selection on tap might bring. Those days are mostly over. Though you may find a handful of good brews on tap or bottle, there are places in the area that just do it better.
Great beers and good selection for london but not as many taps as i had expected. great beers but unfortunately the fact that they also serve wine and liquor contributed to a loud, overly drunk, non-beer focused crowd but still a cool place worth checking out. also very impressive selection of american bottles
Went with a few guys after work to have some sliders, a few beers and to play shuffle board. The sliders were great and the sweet potato fries were excellent. They have 4 beers on tap and 1 cask. The bartender wasn't sure what was on cask and thought it had been on for quite a while. They had Mayflower Thanksgiving, Heavy Seas Winter Storm, Old Speckled Hen and one more that slips my mind. I stuck with the Thanksgiving and the Winter Storm because they were just tapped this week.
As a Minneapolis resident St. Paul's Urban Growler has gone under my radar, and that has been a shame. After one visit I can see myself going back regularly. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. The beers my friends and I tasted were all clean, tasty, and served in the proper glassware. The food menu is somewhat small, but the burgers we had left us with no regrets. The service was so-so. The bartender seemed like he didn't want to be there, and that was reflected in the attention we were given. Overall, I would recommend Urban Growler to anyone touring Twin Cities taprooms.
Love this place. Was in DC to run the marathon a few months back, just 2 months after having twin daughters, and the wife stayed at home. What's a guy to do?
Went there with jctribe for dinner. Had the Geary's and sampled some other ones as well, like the CBC Amber. Place was busy, but the wait was about 5 minutes for 7 or 8 on a Friday night - I'd say that's pretty good. The service was good but I can't comment as to how knowledgeable they are. Food was pretty good as well, they make good coleslaw. Prices were probably the best about this place, $3.95 for most beers is pretty damn good for Boston/Cambridge. The selection was pretty good as well and it seems that they rotate the kegs frequently to make up for the fact that they don't have 100+ taps like Sunset. A good time.
Certainly one of the highlights of my trip to Brussels, if not my entire March trip to Europe. I really wish Half Time was able to do what Nasser does at 400 Bieres. To have your entire stock of beers also serve as a menu for your bar is quite something and a thing I would much like to enjoy on a consistent basis here in the States. Obviously I don't need to describe much more than that to explain what makes this place so fantastic. Put on top that the owner is super cool and really friendly, the selection is out of this world, there is a proper glass for almost every beer he has in stock and there is a 17 year old dog that lounges around in the back. What more could you want. Maybe some Westy 12... oh wait they had that too and I drank some. Yeah pretty much perfect.
Dirty Frank's is one of @lizlessner 's fantastic Columbus pubs and eateries. Having said that, its ok to be a little critical since she and her partners seem to be very good at what they do. Dirty Frank's is a very small bar and restaurant serving great craft beer on draft and nostalgic beer in cans and bottles. Dirty Frank's is decorated in art by local artists as well as the music. The namesake is truly the highlight of the place as you can get a hot dogs with delicious toppings like: Siracha Cream Cheese and Roasted Red Peppers (Zippity Zam). The beer menu is fantastic and highlights craft and Ohio (local) beers with icons denoting there origin. If you are ever in the vicinity of this Palace, YOU MUST ENTER.
This place is more or less an upscale sports bar. A few tv's, a nice wooden bar, generally a nice looking place, with some outdoor seating. They have a decent selection of beers, especially with local beers such as Summit, Surly, Lift Bridge, Flat Earth, etc. There are a few non-regional beers, but it's pretty regional based. The service is decent, quick at least. They seemed unsure when I asked what some of the beers were like, so that was a bit disappointing. The food is ok. The reuban was satisfactory. All in all, a slightly upgraded sports tavern.
So after Troy's constant raving about how good this place was, I finally checked it out on Tuesday. A bit innocuous from outside, Patrick has done a great job transforming this ex-garage into an awesome little pub.
I purchased from these guys pretty regularly through their website (www.craftcity.com) when I lived in Minnesota (because they shipped to Minnesota - not so to Texas), and they had a good selection, especially West Coast stuff I didn't have access to, and their service was excellent.
These guys churn out a decent amount of beer and exclusively market them in their 4-5 restaurants throughout the greater Baltimore area. These run the gamut from pub-like to fancy eateries. Worth checking out.
Cool venue. Nice patio. Been there twice. They have Vegan options! An alternating seasonal menu. Although I had actual stones in my dish, twice, the food was great! Went on a tour which was fun and busy. Not a fan of IPA'd though.
This joint has the best beer selection I've seen in Asheville and lots of Belgians you otherwise won't get to try. There are two bars, upstairs and downstairs, and the beer menu reads like a Grisham novel. I only stayed for one beer, but I'll definitely spend more time here the next time I visit.
Great local grocery store with a wall of beer. The selection is very good and they will get specialty release beers. They update their beer menus page often which is great when I want to check out what is in stock. They have a growler fill area but you have to use their growlers which is where I docked some points. Overall a great beer place.
I saw the BA ratings on this store and tried it out when I was in that part of town. In my experience, they have the best/widest selection of craft beer of any store in town. There were dozens to hundreds of different beers. The emphasis was on US craft brewers with lots of Texas titles and a pretty good selection of Belgian beers. There were fewer German and British labels. Prices were decent with a few specials available. Although the selection was better than other stores in town that I've been to, I'm not sure it's enough improved to warrant going a long way out of your way to check them out.
D's is an unsung beer hero in the Pittsburgh area. I was in town on business and my Pittsburgh beer buddy suggested we try a different location for a change and told me about D's. I was skeptical and wasn't real thrilled about going there, but did...reluctantly. The verdict? I'm glad I did. The food is verage, typical bar fare. Sandwiches and appetizers, no big deal. However, the beer selection was really impressive. They have a selection of beer that is to DIE FOR and the prices are very reasonable.
A huge store with a huge selection of quality micro and craft brews. I found what I was looking for with the help of a friendly worker and more. Very knowledgable staff. I was looking for Firestone Walker's Parabola. I was told it would be there from the night before when I attended the Firestone Walker party downtown. It was there. I also asked for Pliny the Elder on a whim and low and behold they had it as well. They had a two bottle limit and that is what I got. I bought those two and a bottle of New Belgium's Le Folie. Quite a score. There was much, much more I just didn't have the money for. At the checkout I got into a long conversation about local beer, and hard to find stuff and where I could find it. Awesome store. Huge store, well lit, cool, and with knowledeable and friendly workers. Highly recommend.
This is your typical Irish themed pub with dark woods making up the bar and lighter colored walls decorated with Irish nic-nacs, mirrors, beer signs, and flags. The bar was pretty big but there was even a larger dining section. A few TVs were on showing sports. Very bright and clean overall. 
As you first walk in the atmosphere can seem very corporate wich I agree with to a point. It also mixes in a rustic pub type. A pretty good mix of clientel including a couple families but mostly it was couples with a spattering of larger booths. I thought overall the atmosphere was welcoming.
Yet another stop on my San Diego visit. Very friendly place with a pretty nice set of taps and a pretty robust bottle list. Ended up doing more bottles than taps since I found stuff that is hard to get in WI.
This is a very enjoyable place to enjoy food, friendship, and beer. This nicely redesigned building features beautiful landscaping for an urban location, good off street parking, great wood furnishings and furniture along with super service and a high quality, short selection of beer.
Atmosphere- The atmosphere was definitely nice some music playing and multiple floors left the wait to be not that long, considering how expensive things can be in toronto this place was actually a relative good value and quality place, two bars but most beer appeared to being consumed at tables on this friday nite,
One of the best places to have a beer and some food in Southern California. Aside from their own beer, which is all so solid, the guest taps are so unique. They get stuff that no one else gets in San Diego. Aside from the beer, the food at Cork and Craft is wonderful. Top notch place.
Awesome selection! They have a beer cave that is well stocked with the finest beers...the prices are great also! You can always find a new beer to try and definitely find old favorites as well. You can also purchase single beers or mix and match to make your own specifically selected 6 pack. Its a beer lovers dream come true...hahaha! Check it out...you won't be disappointed. They also have an excellent wine selection...also at great prices!
Very impressed with the Threes. Beers were delicious, particularly their Pilsner (Yclept). I ordered based on bartenders suggestion it was the beer the brewery would recommend most. I also love the play on IPA names having found out the brewer hates (might be strong words) IPAs. That said, Here Ya Go was on point.
I freaking love this place. You will too. I really think there's not other explanation needed. This is Burbank's premiere venue for craft beer... the closest competition is another place Tony owns... Golden Road Brewery's brew pub a few miles away.
I went in because it was right down the street from my best friends apartment. This place is very big and has a nice section of beer on the right side of the store. They have a place to do mix and match 6 packs, which I find very nice so I can try some decent local beers. They also have a lot of great beers that are pretty hard to find. The guys there were sort of dickheads and they made it seem like they knew everything and I was an idiot. They were wrong on so many things and I just ignored them and went on my way. I really think this is a great place to buy beer. Though there are a few bad eggs working here, there are some people that are nice and actually know what they are talking about. I would recommend this place to anybody.
Visited on a sunny Friday June day. Big garage door was open with full picnic tables in front. Our server gave us a great description of sour beers, very insightful. On each visit to the table he was happy to answer questions and give advice for our next round of samples. I'm not a big fan of sours, but if anyone is representing the style properly, this is the place; they have a big variety on tap all made right here. A good selection of regular beers as well, don't start with the sours they'll ruin your palate for the regular brews. We didn't order food, there's just a small selection of appetizers, 3 sandwiches and 3 salads on the menu, so don't plan on satisfying a big appetite.
Little storefront in a strip mall in Manassas; a bar in front, maybe 6-7 stools at the bar, another 15-20 stools around the outside of the room. Six taps, I think. Nice guys. We brought home growlers of their Irish Red and their Citra Ale; very good indeed. No food, but they're two doors down from a pizzeria, and they're fine with food from outside coming in. Very promising in the early stages. Clean and well-run.
Vibe: The brewpub is rather nice, having views of the canal from the front of the building and outdoor seating and views of the brew kettles in the rear. Old beer advertisements decorated the walls. 
Bright golden beer with a light ale taste and a dark Mike's hard lemonade aftertaste. Citrus/orange scent, tastes like a soda with a kick. Refreshing summer beer. Definitely worth a try!
I love this place! Located just south of the shopping district on Route 1 in Freeport. Bar is to the right after you walk in, picnic style tables to eat at in the pub room as well. There is also a great outdoor deck in the back and a cool gift shop in the front where you can pick up beer to-go and other assorted Gritty's gear. What can I say, the beers here are top notch. The Black Fly Stout is just amazing and one of my favorite dry Irish stouts. My girlfriend loves the Raspberry Wheat. The Christmas Ale is also one of my top favs. My routine is to hit L.L. Bean after leaving this place at like 2 am after all the tourists are asleep. This is a must stop if you are driving up 95 or route 1. You'll love it.
I always enjoy visiting Greenpoint, and their beers have really started to reach their potential. Service can be hit or miss during busy hours, but when it's quiet, everyone who works there is very nice and the bartenders are (1) knowledgable about their beers, and (2) good at making cocktails for non-beer drinkers. The food has moved in house now and the quality is pretty good. They usually have a nice variety of beers on tap, which makes for some delicious varied drinking sessions.
Wades is among the best bottle shops in the Northern L.A./Ventura County area. As the name indicates, its wine selection is its famous boast, but their selection of beer and spirits is as worthy of praise. 
I love this place. Everytime I go I curse myself for not coming more often, it's a bit out of the way from where I live, but I find that the drive is worth it. Plenty of parking across the street, and although the building looks small there is lots of space inside, never had to wait to get a seat, although the outside porch is aways completely packed. I especially like the basement if you're there to hang out with friends, they keep the music very quiet, and you can actually hold a conversation with someone. 
Wow! A grocery store that totally rocks the beer scene...we were in town last week for a concert from Ontario...hit about 9 craft beer stores, unfortunately we went here first and we're not looking to overshop early...promptly greeted by several staff, selection was deep including a Michigan only section. Def one of the top spots we hit...this would be be one of one or 3 stops when we come back.
Almost missed this building, saw the building itself but there were no signs, just got curious because a part of the building looked much nicer than any warehouse I'd seen. Parking is nice, there are two lots that will access the brewery and a short walk to the building. Some outside seating in a nice little area. Decent selection at the store, mostly t-shirts with a few glasses and some other random products. Arrogant Bastard memorabilia is tucked off to the side. 
The place was packed due to the Bikes & Beers event so I should probably go back to see if I have a better experience. There were four of us in the group and no one was really impressed with our beers.
Odd Sides is a great brewery in the heart of downtown Grand Haven. While they have expanded their operation off-site, their quality, excellent staff, and reputation has continued to grow. Their beer is about as adventurous as it gets. With names ranging from Jackalope to Bean Flicker, you can always count on something unique and delicious on tap. In addition, they have a mug club that features mugs that you can hand paint yourself! The price is right, the beer is great, the atmosphere is fun, and the wait staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.
Zipp's is definitely one of the best liquor stores in the Twin Cities. They have a great selection of limited run beers, but they also have good prices on stand-by craft beers like Sierra Nevada and Summit. They have a really nice make your own 6 pack selection, and a clearance section of outgoing seasonals if you want craft beer but you're on a budget. Strong selection of liquor and wine as well, although I spend less time in those sections of the store. They do tastings pretty frequently.
I visited Maritime Pacific (specifically, the Jolly Roger Taproom connected to the brewery) this last weekend for the first time. I rather like the place; it's clearly been around for a while and has a very lived-in feel. Lots of wood furnishings with a nautical theme definitely give this place more of a pub atmosphere than that of a brewery, but it's still a nice place to hang out.
Located just around the corner from RFD, this place seems like an easy place to miss. It's located in a slim piece of real estate (but apparently expanded into the area next door), there is an easy-to recognize sign that says, "Matchbox." But that's if you're on the same side of the street. It's a block away from the Chinatown/Verizon Center stop on the Green/Yellow stop, and a few blocks away from the Metro Center Stop on the Red/Orange/Blue line. It's located just north of Downtown and just west of Chinatown. 
I did not have the opportunity to frequent the Mellow in Gainesville, so when they opened an outpost in Tampa, I had to check it out. I have not written a review until now, because I didn't think there was anything new to add to the forum until recently. If you read the previous reviews, you will see words like 'alright' and 'decent'. I believe that the staff and management have taken this place up a couple notches from where it was when it opened a few years back. There pizza tastes the same, and I happen to be a fan of their style of crust, but it now gets out to the table consistently hot and in a timely manner. The beer selection is on par with most of the better beer bars, and they always have something new worth trying if you are busy enough to only get here every couple of weeks.
This place is a gem hidden in a very unlikely spot. Anyone traveling through downtown should just hop off the freeway and check this place out. Got there at 0730 this morning and was greeted by the ever cheerful and enthusiastic Alex. The place is loaded with tequila and beer. Great selection of hard to find beer. Most things that need to be in the refer are. There doesn't seem to be any reason to the way things are layed out other by brewery, but this makes you look that much harder and it makes it more fun for me. I find stuff here that I cant get elsewhere. 
I'm going to defer much of the description of the Mousetrap to Emerge077 who, among other things, specializes in places. (He also beat me to the punch by a month.... How'd he do that? Especially when I was eagerly anticipating the opening.)
Located in the relatively newly gentrified and somewhat fake DC Chinatown it has emerged as one of the references for a trendy bar to show-off for certain types. Luckily the place is quite good, food is solid has some great highlights, and while some of the liquor servings are a bit off and pretentious, they offer a well taken care of draft selection. 
They've recently expanded their constantly rotating tap selection at Picco to 11. Don't bother checking the website for a beer list because the brews change faster than they update the page. I was there last night and the tap list included Brooklyn Pils, Smuttynose Star Island Single, DF Punkin Ale, and Allagash Hennepin. I tried the Oskar Blues Gubna (also on tap) which I'd never seen in Boston before. And for the South End, the prices are exceptional - both for beer and food (which highly under-rated). You can't find a better beer joint in the neighborhood short of trucking it up to Bukowski's in BB.
Relatively mellow vibe at what we thought would be peak time on a Friday night. Good quality across a broad range. Service was fine, walking up to the bar. Broad selection including Belgian styles, English, and Pils. Enjoyed the experience overall.
Not the best selection I've ever seen, and in fact seemed like somewhat of an afterthought to their wine-and-spirits selection, but the best I saw in town nonetheless. They list what's available in-store with prices online, so I would highly reccomend checking out the website before making a special trip, as there weren't too many limited release or hard-to-find beers. If you find yourself in the area, or don't know what you want and seek options, this place is great.
Food truck with $9 seven inch cheese pizza with additional costs for additional toppings sits out back while I pay $10 for 3 pints, no not 1 or 2 it has to be 3 pints. Well I'd prefer to try more beers say in 4 to 6 ounces servings so I don't pay so much for beers I don't care for, etc. Anyway this place has a pretty decent vibe and drinkable beer - they'll do just fine.
I didn't really love any of the beers. And the growler caps had paper in them,. Rather than rubber. So the beer was flat by the time I got back from vacation.
Kind of frayed at the edges place near the U. Cozy and it has a lot of character. Fun place to go hear some local music and always some good stuff on tap, though nothing too adventurous, and a lesser sibling to Republic, Nomad, and Town Hall. Friendly bartenders if you're there when it isn't busy, and happy to pour samples and talk beer. Food is only okay.
This place is amazing. I spend most of my time in Connecticut and I am very used to paying Connecticut prices. When I am around this area I always stop in at Nikki's. They are very knowledgeable and helpful, offering to make special orders upon request for any available items. The store consists of a center table of favorite craft beers and gift packs and about 60+ feet of craft brews. They are sorted by location and brewery, but I always just go straight for the "New Arrivals" section. Overall, if you are in the area stop at Nikki's! And if you live here take advantage of their weekly tasting.
Very interesting place it's where pizza, meets bar, meets alternative music. Not exactly my place to be, but it has served as a solid place to catch some good craft beer on tap and watch a UC game.
As has been said before, once you've been to one Old Chicago, you've been to them all. It's not one of my favorite places to grab a drink, but this location in particular was always fairly popular amongst my friends and I.
Went to Race St. Cafe on a Sunday night about 8:30pm for dinner. Also, I wanted to try it as a beer bar. I had a $16 London Broil dinner, big portion size, cooked to order (medium), tender and tasty. Served with (too much) mashed potatoes and a sauteed vegetable medley of my faves: sugar snap peas, zucchini, yellow squash and carrots. The veggies were perfectly buttery and tender-crisp, and delicately spiced. The meal part was awesome. 
Hard Times Cafe is tucked up on the west end of King Street, away from the hustle and bustle of the heart of Old Town. You'll probably be able to find on-street parking without difficulty on a Saturday night.
The Wrecking Bar is fantastic. My only complaint is that why did this place not exist when I lived in Inman Park? (I know. It took awhile for Georgia beer laws to change.)
Cool commercial space in small shopping plaza across from a Jiffy Lube. Open spacious high-ceiling and open garage door counter seating. Broken L-shaped bar to the right of the main seating room has 8 seats on one leg and is a service bar opposite the front wall. 20 well-assorted beers on tap - we stayed for trivia so I had 5 or 6, all solid to really nice, I really enjoyed the superdamp. Friendly bartenders, and tasty food truck. Wednesday night trivia- first time we every won anything: only a free pint, but a lot of fun. And there was plenty of free parking.
Atmosphere - Nice, big wide open floor plan, plenty of seating inside and at the bar. Patio is spacious and well maintained, with beer garden tables, as well as some high table seating. Open area with corn hole. Busy, but still easy to find a spot on the patio! The vibe is definitely modern, hipster.
if you go to Bauhaus you must stop here. Its 2 stops for 1. The vibe is outstanding nice outside area and just beautiful people abound. the beer however are sub standard. Good God is the vibe great it out whieghs the brew , so i say stop here for sure when in the Nordeast.
The two-story interior is cozy, unpretentious and a bit worn, giving it the warm and inviting feel of a well-established neighborhood bar. Downstairs is a regular bar and a few tables, while upstairs a couch area and a more open place that has both tables and booths. Servers are alert and very helpful, clearly well-trained. Food is tasty, if not outstanding. Their selection of taps is all craft beers, and most of the bottles are crafts. The location is excellent, in the heart of Decatur next to the MARTA rail station and near a number of distinctive establishments. Definitely worthy of a visit.
Atmosphere- Modern European. Very cool, clean, higher class with touches of old world influence. A statue of Manekin Pis above the door. A central kitchen visible from the dining floor. It was nice in there to say the least. They could use a little more standing room near the bar, but really, that's the only negative thing I could say about the atmosphere.
This is a friendly ale & cider pub just north of Euston Station. The beer selection is broad--with a handful on cask pull and a larger handful served on gravity. If you visit frequently, you may find that they have some favourites which are always on and the selection doesn't rotate as often as you might like. Still, there is more variety here than you will find in most pubs.
In my opinion the service and the vibe of this place makes it a pure enjoyment. It's right net the AT&T Stadium and Globe Life Park; literally a five minute drive at most. The placing is perfect, and it's a wonderful pre/post game venue for a few drinks. If you're in town do, go and enjoy it! The beer is also decent. Never had a bad time there.
One of the icons of the micro brew pubs in Portland, been around for a while now. The dining area is showing some wear but, it is waht you expect from a brewpub in the lower Hawthorne district of Portland.
One of the best selections in Las Vegas and the food is excellent. Since The Freakin' Frog is gone, this is a top spot in town for rare and vintage beers. Service needs work, but they were friendly, which makes up for the deficiency.
Pretty small place inside with a quaint little bar. The outside patio is very large and pretty dark to make a cozy experience. There was a fire pit that was attempted to be lit but didn't stay so. Oh well. Bartender was very cool and kept the beer flowing. Very attentive as well. Nice selection of in house beer which I enjoyed a couple. Everyone in our group found something to their liking. Also had some guest brews. We ordered the chips and salsa which used fresh grown tomatoes from on the premise. Awesome chunky salsa that was definitely fresh. Prices seemed to be about perfect. Had a good time and will definitely go back again.
Went in here on a Tuesday night, so pretty tame crowd. Most of the place was empty, but there were a handful of people outside since it was so nice. I took a spot at the bar and tried a couple different beers and a flight, but did not order any food. I had a few different IPAs, all of which were good. I also had a BA Barleywine that was tasty, and a pastry stout that was OK. I love Citraquench'l, so took home a couple 4-packs, and also got a crowler of Strange Clouds. This was probably my favorite brewery during my time in Charlotte.
I love this place especially for Happy Hour after work. I'm in there almost once a week. The beer selection is what first got me hooked. I'm not big on always trying the same beers, so when I go out to pay for a beer at a bar I want to try something different. They tend to have a lot of IPAs and rotate a lot so that I have been able to try a huge variety of beers.
I doubt very many cities could have two outstanding beer bars so close to one another and have both do (apparently) quite well. This place is about a two minute walk from the Uber, and as it opens earlier then the Uber, it was a great place to hang out before heading over there.
This is what I envisioned as a German Styled Pub with close to 90 different beers on tap. A vast selection to choose from and selection changes regularly. The beertenders appear to be pretty knowledgeable about the beers and usually give good selections. There is an area outside for the smokers or the people who would rather sit outside and drink. There are heaters to help assist on keeping you warm before the alcohol kicks in. I have been there numerous times and the crowd is very nice and relaxed. I haven't seen any unruly people in there. 
Bold city will always hold a warm place in my heart as it was the George Washington of microbreweries in Jacksonville. It led the revolution against shitty beer selection. Other quality establishments have followed suit, but Bold City fired the opening shot against the tyranny of being in a big city with no good beer. Okay, Bold City has cozy tap room, but its small size limits the amount of people who can sit inside. They have an assortment of board games that help pass the time, but only one tv, and never show sporting events. They allow you to sit outside or in the warehouse, but this is Florida and we its hot and has mosquitos. :( They have a great selection of year round beers, all of which I enjoy. They also have good seasonals. "Jolly Man" prepares food in the warehouse from a limited menu. They offer a veggie burger which is average, but, at least, they have one. Oh, and they really need mayo! lol The service is friendly, but sometimes lacks attentiveness. But I definitely like the place, and would reccomend visiting it.
Stopped by here for some lunch, so there weren't that many people there, which made for a relaxing afternoon. The atmosphere was lovely, with plenty of open space, cozy couches, 70's rock and roll posters on the wall, and pink floyd on the radio. They played pretty much all of dark side of the moon. What really sealed the deal was the constant picture windows that let in the sun and the view of the mountains. Lovely. 
Heading north from New Orleans, we stopped here on a Monday night for dinner. The vibe of the place was really cool. As for the beer, the IPA's are decent. Definitely hoppy, but kind of all over the place. Service was as expected, and the Burger and a pint Monday night special was a nice surprise, as the burger was great.
A visit to 3 Stars is an awesome experience. To begin with, you get 4 free (fairly generous-sized) tastes from the taps in the homebrew store area. Then you can buy flights ($6 for four 4-oz pours), pints ($5), and cans/bottles from the bar area. There's a separate set of taps where you can purchase growlers. Plus they offer (free) tours. Best of all, their beer is delicious and imaginative. Two thumbs up and I hope to return soon.
This is an interesting bar that is worth a visit if you are in the area. It's a very small place and when I was there one large table was covered completely in random stacks of books and papers. It's run by an older couple. From what I could tell the woman takes the orders and serves the beer while the man disgruntledly fetches bottles from the cellar. We couldn't actually understand what he was saying to the woman, but he never seemed very happy when she asked him to grab a beer. And from what I've heard, he has a bad knee and so some days he completely refuses to go down in the cellar. 
This is just the best place in Saint Louis to buy craft brew, bar none. There are some places that can get close, but their selection is not to be reckoned with. The people in the store are incredibly friendly and they really know their stuff. I threw out many different smaller breweries and they knew not only where to find them in their store but they would stand there and discuss beer with me. No one seemed to be in a hurry; which is good! They obviously love doing what they do and it is a deeply seeded interest of their's. In fact, its a pretty blue-collar kind of place. They live and breathe not only the micro-brew movement/market, but they continuously invite small wineries, breweries, and distilleries into their store for their cult followers. 
One of the best beer places I've ever been to, though their image and marketing don't signal anything of the sort. The website looks like it was designed in the late 90s, and their building's facade is just a storefront in a strip mall in a completely nondescript street in Richmond. This, it turns out, is a good thing.
A bustling brewpub and restaurant inside the Emma Hotel at the Pearl (San Antonio, TX). Vintage industrial decor continues from the hotel with a bar, multiple dining areas and outdoor patio. Good selection of creative brews, many made with fruits or vegetables (inspired by the weekly farmers market?). Staff and friendly and efficient, with a solid menu of southern fare and Gulf Coast seafood.
I guess I just don't get the hype about this brewery. I've had four of their beers now, over a several month span and in various places, and they just aren't doing it for me. I've had styles all over the spectrum, since some breweries excel at darker beers or lighter beers or whatever, and I haven't found one that's made me want to get it again. I think I'm out with Renegade.
Atmosphere - Grungy beer pub. Very close tables, crowded with late 20's, early 30's clientele. Cool beer menu on the wall, ceiling covered with old beer taps, very neat idea. 
It is a very small bar, literally a hole in the wall. But with the right table it is very cozy. They recently changed their food menu as well adding some new stuff and stepping up their old stuff. They have always had great sandwiches which are served an a delicious sourdough bread. Their appetizers are always on point as well. And now they have some good dinner options like Fish & Chips
Strong Rope is about as basic of a tasting room as you can get. The design color theme is white with wood and a little bit of gunmetal steel. The bar itself is quite interesting with slabs of wood for the top, and white subway tiles beneath - all in front of whitewashed bricks. The taps are set in a piece of wood that mimics the bar, and industrial lights overhead complete the look.
Very cool brewery. Smallish space downtown with a nice vibe. Cool display board for their beers and very nice service (I gauge this by how they don't seem bothered by pouring a sample). Parking lot isn't great - that's my only complaint. 
Stopped here last Monday night on the way to biz meetings in Montreal. I have stopped here before, but have not yet reviewed. Not really a beer destination, especially given the locale of Burlington. Very nice looking place, with a few flat screen, a couple delivering HDTV (the Sox were on against the Yanks). 3 levels. Quality of the beer was good, with a nice touch being that all of the glassware was at room temp. About 10-12 draught lines, but as is pointed out in the other review below, pretty pedestrian. I stuck with the Trout River Rainbow Red, which was a nice session beer. I had a nice piece of salmon and good mashed pots. The female bartender was attentive and provided good service, but not really up on the beers. All in all a good spot for a brew and dinner, prior to hitting some of the other beer bars.
This place has changed a lot since I was in college around the corner and it was called Gravity. Definitely better beer and food. They had about 10-12 taps, the craft beer on-tap was a couple of Magic Hat you usually don't see in RI except in bottle form. Also, above the bar they had two rows of bottled beer, from 12 to 22-oz bombers. I could not see all the beers up there because the projection TV screen was down. I asked for a beer menu but was told the new management was revising it. The beers though will essentially remain the same. All I could see of te bottles was most of the Magic Hat varieties and a couple types of Hennipin. The bartender told me that there were a couple of Lambics up there, plus bers from around the country. The food was typical pub grub, but above average.
Great atmosphere, something for everyone with the bookstore, cafe, and bar, well-divided into distinct areas so the noise from the bar doesn't penetrate the bookstore or cafe too much. Unfortunately, the group next to us was pretty loud. The service wasn't bad, but she did seem a little rushed. Also, you need to get a token from your server in order to use the bathroom - irritating! The first two things I ordered on tap were out, so selection is an issue. Nice that they attempt to have 18 taps at all times, though. As far as food goes, we only had dessert, but what we had was good - the mixed fruit pie with cinnamon ice cream in particular.
Hands-down one of the better finds I've had in a long time! Nice open air feel, outdoor seating, close to great restaurants on Alberta, varied selection, and great beer. Staff were helpful. Just wish there was a bit more options for filling the crowlers.
I'm not gonna lie, final straw that got me to join Beer Advocate was to be able to review this bar. I LOVE THIS PLACE. The beer selection is incredible. The addition of new beers every week is awesome. I'm recently excited about the addition of Kiuchi's Hitachino family: The Espresso Stout, The Red Ale, The Classic Pale Ale, The XH, and the other one that I can't remember right now are all awesome. 
My second-favorite beer bar. Around two dozen selections on tap, all micro or import. I just wish they had something other than frozen pint glasses and beer so cold it freezes in the gla andss.
I was in this store last night and noticed the detail that these guys have put into their beer selection. Bombers and Craft beer everywere were merchandised throughout the store. They also had a growler station on premise. Great prices on their displays as well.
I live an hour away from this store, but it is my go to for when I need the newest and best beers. The selection is excellent. I most often find what I am looking for, and then some. My wife usually finds something that strikes her as well. The store is dusty and crowded, but that doesn't bother me because the selection is so diverse. The prices are more than the local grocery store when I manage to find the same items in both places.
Huge selection of beers, and almost any other alcoholic drink! This is the place I go when I'm looking for something a little more rare, since they almost always seem to have them. The store is clean and has a good vibe. Service is good as well. The only complaint would be that a lot of the single beers (to make your own 6 pack) are almost or past their best by dates. Besides that I really enjoy it. Wish it was a bit closer from where I live, but oh well. I recommend this place.
Reminds me a bit of a European cafe; very chill vibe. Good selection and some cool stuff you can't find in the US on tap. Didn't eat the food but looked good, beers were great. The place to go when in Montreal.
I dropped in this past weekend for a few pints and to see the brewpub. It has been a while since I had been there and was expecting to see very few people and eat some average food with a good pint or two. Well, I was wrong. The place was very busy for a Sat. afternoon, but I still managed a barstool. The service was fairly quick, and with a smile. I ordered some food to go with a Christmas Ale (which was nice to have fresh). It was a step above the regular bar fare - definitely worth trying. 
One of the pubs universally accepted as one of the best in London. I frequented this pub as much as possible, and was fortunate that it was not far from my bankers (a common destination for most expats). 
Dressels reminds me of what I would expect to find in a small town somewhere in Great Britain. Always quite, casual atmosphere that has tables on the wall with a half oval bar in the center of the place. There is also a fireplace along the wall that creates a nice cozy feel during the cold winter months. The beer selection is not bad with Tucher, 5 day (on tap and cask), Schlafly, among others that escape me now. The food is good with a choice of mostly pub food. Good place for a relaxing brew with some friends or family.
Stanley's used to be a dive bar in NE, the remodeling has brought about decent changes. A focus on craft breweries, both local and from elsewhere, has made Stanley's a desination to visit when in NE MPLS.
Included this WFM location while roadtripping down there after being privy to their beer selection and 29 on tap. Coming from Utah, it was an unbelievable thing, so had to check it out. They had beers from Gulden Draak to Dogfish Head 90 Min IPA on tap and that was pretty much enough to make me happy while we shopped the large beer wall.
I know this is located in a part of town that sees many many drunk idiots, and I assume the employees have to deal with them on a regular basis. However, it doesn't mean you have to be rude to your non-drunk patrons. Out of the four bartenders, two of them were nice and two of them were rude as fuck. Disappointing.
The pizza place at Jester King. Great vibe, just like the brewery. The food is good, but largely because you've been drinking and it is very convenient, if you are at Jester King. The pizza doesn't stand up to any real scrutiny and certainly is below most of the good pizza places in Austin. However, service is always really friendly, especially at the bar and they usually have a great selection of taps.
First Draft feels pretty much like the "old Villains" with more tv's and some new windows on the south wall. Beer selection was heavy on crowd favorites Three Floyds and Founders, focus on Midwest beers from Pig Minds, Pollyanna, and Lagunitas (multiple drafts of each) plus a handful of imports but nothing out of the ordinary.
Went there for happy hour. Cool place, with outdoor seating, an upatairs, and a good vibe. Best part for me was they had LA fin du monde on the happy hour list. It was only 5 bucks for maybe the best beer out there. I didn't eat, but my co workers all agreed the food was great as well.
Made my way there a few days ago for the first time and will definitely be back there. The place is SUPER clean and extremely organized. The selection is sizeable and has drafts and growler filling as well. I came with BA top 250 list of which I've knocked off about 80 beers, yet I was able to pick up 2 that other places in the Philadelphia and surround area didn't have. The price for harder to find beers are a little higher than most other places I go to in Philly, except for RR Supplication which they stocked plenty, but overall, prices for other beers are normal.
Came here on a recommendation of a friend. This place is located where "Charlie's" used to be on Westheimer, but in an aparently new building, right across the street from the old Tower Theater (El Real Tex-Mex, now). It is indeed easy to miss as there does not seem to be any signs. But life is one big road with lots of sign. It was a Sunday afternoon, and the vibe there was very laid back and relaxed, but I suspect it is not always such, perhaps on Fri or Sat night.
new tasting room is much nicer - cool space, simple, 1 table arcade game. Nice roll up door when its hot out. Can be tight but much better than the old space. One of my favorite spots in LA, get growlers often, started canning some beers. Some of the Best IPA's in Californian.
Not a bad place. Not as good as other Total Wine locations I have been to. Has the standard BMC bullshit that they have to have and a fair selection of craft and imports, nothing that you can't get anywhere else. Good quality, no employees to be found though. Atmosphere is your standard retail store, nothing more, nothing less. Value is fine, Total Wine is one of the better places as far as price. I think the place could use a lot more as far as selection goes, especially with Brawley's right down the street and on that level they can't compete.
Definately an Austin and certainly a Texas Landmark. Established in 1866 by a Confederate Civil War Veteran. The beer selection is not huge compared to some other Austin pubs but it is adequate, mabe more than adequate. Several German beer selections including a couple of German Wheat Beers and a couple of real good local brews. Of course, given their close proximity to Austin's Erwin Center (home of the UT Basketball team and many other events including big name concerts, touring Broadway plays and other large shows) they also have your normal tasteless mass market beers for the non beer-enthuiast patrons dropping in after the game for a night cap. The food is pretty good, at least what I've had, sandwiches and some bar-b-que mostly. The atmosphere is laid back and resembles other establishments in and around Austin, especially those in older buildings along 6th street which may also be in 100 to 150 year old buildings. A great place for a beer and a bite if you stuck in Downtown Austin near the university.
Visited Pacific Plate a few weeks back. The atmosphere is like so many upstart breweries, in a small industial/commerial slot. Front space is well decorated with chalk boards of the availalbe beers, and a small counter, etc. Limited seating, but did not have a hard time at all finding a spot to rest the taster tray. Friendly group also invited us to join them which was cool for the atmosphere. 
Choice city is doing it right. The brunch at this place will change your life. The food is some of the best in town and I love the small atmosphere inside. This can lead to a wait from time to time but it normally proves to be worth it. They always have a great selection of beers and just recently they had Plinly the Younger on tap! If you're in Fort Collins and want to find some rare hard to find beers this is the place for you.
Overpriced, old IPAs, staff knowledge somewhat questionable (I'm sure they know their wine) but when I asked for "imperial stouts?" I was told "Oh yeah, of course, we have some great hoppy beers." Huh? My eyes glazed over and I stopped listening after that. 
A-Argo is a pretty good sized store with a slightly gritty feel thanks to its location on Colfax. The old building was a bit dumpy (but kind of charming) and the new building has really improved the layout. That being said, the organization is good, the place is clean, and there is always a lot of action, which is kind of fun.
Small interior area with a nice dog friendly patio. Could do w/o the rap music on the patio but it isn’t loud. Menu looks fine. Patio on west side of building which could be hot in summer. Parking on site.
I'll make this quick. I stopped in for dinner having seen it listed on BeerAdvocate. When I was given the draft list I'd assumed I'd made a mistake and gone to the wrong place. Fortunately they did have the Brewer's Art Resurrection ($6). Beer bar? No.
Usually a huge selection of brews with a great selection of different kinds of beers. Lots of tables and a long bar. On game days this place is packed. Food is pretty good. Beers run the gamete from really good to mediocre.
A true German style restaurant/bar in the appropriately named German Village area of my hometown, Columbus Ohio. Food is top notch with a good selection of German beers. You have to try one of the enormous cream puffs, absolutely freaking fantastic!
One medium sized room, nice spacious patio. 4 beers on tap, about 20 in bottles. Fairly international crowd, but far enough from the main tourist areas that things were quite calm. Nice place for a beer and a slice of apple pie.
I stopped here during a trip through Indy after checking Google Maps for liquor stores. It is conveniently located close to I-70, so it was only a few minutes out of my way. The store was easy to find, but did not appear to be anything special. It is small and a bit cramped. The beer selection was quite limited, with most of the space taken up by macro stuff. They did offer a few craft beers, including several Indiana brews that I was looking for. Friendly and helpful staff. Might as well stop in if you're passing through.
I have frequented Iron Hill many times and always had a good time. Tonight we went for dinner and ate at the upstairs deck. They also have 2 large dining rooms and a lower deck. All of the seating is nice, but if the weather is nice I recomend one of the decks. 
High ceilinged warehouse space with tasting room partitioned in front of brewhouse. Long bar perpendicular to entry seats about 15, with table packed into remainder of space. Two large garage doors open to street. 12 beers on tap, the one I had was very good. Lively crowd.
As a visitor to Madison, I appreciate this place. It's got a good selection of Wisconsin and other Midwest beers, beers that I can't get in Seattle. The mix-a-six selection is quite good. It's walking distance from the hotels near the square.
Pretty prime location right i the heart of North Park. As a result, this place can get crazy busy on weekends and it doesnt help that they also get beer-tour buses and those stupid, bike pedal tour carts stopping by throughout the weekend. So plan accordingly. Capacity gripes aside, they offer around 12 beers on any given day and often have beer floats available as well. I can honestly say Ive never had anything but friendly service here. BB offers up a few hoppy beers, a few darks and a couple one-offs of other styles. Its a rare day when you see anything on the menu over 8% ABV, so if youre looking to get torn back, keep trekking.
Huge warehouse space in a part of town that needed the right tenant. Cavernous interior with an oversized feel - oversized wall murals (very cool), oversized cornhole lanes (very fratty), picnic tables, high tables and tons of Rhinegeist taps. Separate counters for to-go cans and swag, onsite pours and growler fills. Barrel aged Knucklehead and a BA scotch ale on tap when I went which was a nice surprise. Busy crowd kept it lively, but the roof deck was reserved, which was the only bummer. Kudos to Rhinegeist for stepping into the role of the anchor-tenant.
Good spot, easily accessible from a lot of attractions. Old German style beer hall feel in a small right spot. Historically carried lots of good German beers, both on draft and bottles. Solid other selections on tap as well. Standard bar fare.
I went here prior to talking my wife to see the Nutcracker for lunch and a couple of beers. It has a wonderful selection of both European and American beer-impressed that they even had a beer from Dark Horse (Michigan brewery) on tap. The food was very good (although a little pricey) and both myself and my wife found many things on the menu that looked great. Her fish and chips were out of this world! Great atmosphere and gave the feeling of a true English/Scottish tavern. The wait staff and bartenders were very friendly and knowledgable. Would reccomend to anyone who happens to be in the area.
This place has been here for a fairly long time now, and if memory serves, was at one time one of the better destinations in town for craft beer. It's not exactly awful now, but places like Bier Stein and 16 tons have long since surpassed 6 St. Grill in terms of their beer selection.
Good little parking lot next to the building in the city. The neighborhood doesn't look too bad I guess lol. We walk in and first, I am amazed at the number of taps they have at the bar. All excellent craft brews and imports, with the occasional macro to please the crowd. We sat near the entrance as the rest of the bar was pretty full. A large fridge in front of us held an excellent selection of Belgian beers. The bartender noticed us right away and gave us beer menus, then came back a couple minutes later to take our orders. He was prompt and courteous and poured the beers decently well. My only complaint is he did not serve the beer with its bottle. Certainly a great place to visit if you're in the area and want to have some delicious brews at a bar. You can, however, purchase any of their bottled brews at Beers of the World for slightly less.
I went to tellers earlier this week to try out some of the beers on tap. The restaurant is great having a room out of an old safe is cool to check out. The atmosphere was nice super laid back. I was not let down by the beer list the has Goose Island Matilda on tap so I had a few of those along with a weihenstephaner. The food was great everybody I was with ordered different things and I liked the all especially the baton rouge. Prices were a little high on entrees but I ordered a 10" pizza for 10 bucks and every one else was in the same range. Overall I enjoyed the place and I will come back to have some more beer down the road.
Hard to not find this place with the word Frank painted on the side of the building. Upon entering the bar is immediately to your left and the rest of the place has tables for dining. Two floors of tables are in the back. The brick walls are painted whiteand there is plenty of wood. One TV hangs in the bar area but it is on the wall over the walkway into the dining area. 
The Cypress Street Pint & Plate is tucked in behind the Biltmore Hotel on West Peachtree Street, so it can be a pain in the rear to find - but it is worth seeking out. The bar area is cozy and intimate, and there are some booths and tables around as well. Beer selection is not huge, but they offer mainly locals, micros and imports. Serving people are very nice and accommodating. Food is delicious and reasonably priced. Happily, this bar is located right between two MARTA stations (Midtown and North Avenue), so you can use the stripy trains as your designated driver.
This place gives off somewhat of a more classy vibe than your average South Street bar. It's dimly lit, tidy, and decorated like an upscale café. There is a medium sized bar and a good-sized dining area. The beer selection is quite good, with plenty of good craft options on tap (I don't think they have any macro options at all), including specific spots on the list for a barrel-aged beer, cask offering, and nitro line, plus there is an extensive bottle list as well. The bottle prices are generally in the gouging range, almost to the point of being ridiculous at times. But fortunately, the draught prices are actually not that bad. 
Tap and Handle is the most enjoyable place in Fort Collins for my money. It's less pretentious than the Mayor of Old Town while still having an excellent rotating selection of beers. The food is very good without being either too gourmet or predictable. I just love how it feels like a regular old local hang that just happens to have world class beer selections. Plus, happy hour is every day and all day on Sunday!
Next door to Coles. This is almost like the dive bar version of Coles, dim lit, almost smokey (though not allowed). Can become a bit of a bro fest depending on the night and college happenings. Will pull limited regional offering on occasion. Always a cask. Annual cask fest. Would drink again.
Dressy Irish pub on one of the outskirt corners of the Plaza district in Kansas City. Inside is all wood paneling, with quite a few tables. Late at night, the tables get pushed off to the side, and the space turns into a dance hall. Upstairs is a great patio complete with overhead heaters, extending the drinking season up here by a few months. A separate bar is available for patrons to visit here, along with servers taking orders and delivering food and drinks. Selection beer wise is small, focused on big name regionals and Boulevard with perhaps a local tap or two. Food is good, with plenty of Irish comfort food to select between, including a delightful plate of Corned Beef Hash. It's a quality stop for someone seeking a rooftop patio drink, a clean dance floor, or comforting Irish food.
We went there yesterday. I was not impressed. They have two chalkboards with the listings of what they have on tap (on one, the handwriting was nearly illegible). Both were different and both were incorrect. Even the promotional signage is out-of-date. We had to go up to the bar and read the tap handles to find out what was really available. When we asked the server what they had, she asked us what we like. My husband told her we knew beer and just to let us know what was on tap. She insisted on asking what we liked and didn't even list off what was available. That's when hubby got grumpy and read the handles.
Vibe: This place is located in Terminal 1 near the entrance to Concourse F. A good portion of the restaurant and island bar is actually juts out into the center of the terminal concourse, which has very high ceilings and skylights so it doesn't feel like you are eating in a cramped space.
Visited on a weekday night, so it was pretty relaxed, and the refined atmosphere really shined through. Vintage French beer and cigar posters blended with the soft lighting and mellow jazz, seeping into the leather couches...oozing "cool". 
Well, it is an airport bar, so I suppose my standards should be lower, but they aren't. Comparing this to the downtown location, they have a much shorter menu and many fewer beers. The portions on the meals are also much smaller. My main problem was with their beer selection though. They have a variety of different beers that they make, but at the airport they only had 6. And it was a terrible selection at that. Two pilseners, an APA, a scotch, an ESB and something else light. That's a crappy selection. Nothing dark and two nearly identical beers. They make so many good ones too!
So I've been here a couple times now, and I've got to say that this brewery is pretty great. The atmosphere/vibe is pretty laid back. Decor is full of wood with some communal tables and some four tops. 
This is the new outpost for Urban South in Houston. The New Orleans brewery has built a brand new facility that is making their own independent beers, but with the same concept as what they have been making in New Orleans. That is a mix of fruited "sours" and hazy IPA's. This location is pretty spacious, with a bar towards the back, lots of seating up front and spread around, and an area outside. Its a neat little place. Service is really good, all the people working here really enjoy their products, work hard, and are knowledgeable. Weekends will be packed for a while, but during the week should be really chill as they are open everyday.
Stopped by at 6 on a Thursday. The place is just a bay in an industrial park. No A/C so a bit muggy on a summer evening. No real bar either, just a few tables and chairs. 7 of thier own on tap, mix of German Styles and IPAs when I was there. A very unique place, but zero frills. The beer was solid
So excited to get a brewpub in the DC burbs. Sadly, this place is a mockery of a brewpub. Beer is mediocre at best. Food was blah. Had a lamb burger. Um, lamb died in a pool of its own blood and urine, apparently. Flight of beers presented in a puzzle, pick it out format. But worst of all was the complete lack of atmosphere, including pink formica tabletops, white painted cinder block walls, and a pervasive smell of the bucket used to mop the floors. They had a ridiculous set up for something like 100 different beer taps, but not a single one was connected to anything. Pathetic and I will never return. Oh, and if anyone thinks that an empty strip mall space is somehow "industrial", they need to visit Bluejackets in DC to see the real thing. Please, owners of this restaurant, make it a Hard Times Chili House again so we can return.
Had dinner here while on a business trip recently. They have approximately 33 taps and all but about three of them have excellent beers on them. As I looked around, I saw Magic Hat #9, DFH 90 Minute IPA, three Highlands brews, several other locals, several Brooklyn brews, etc. Very impressive. The wait staff at the bar was very attentive and helpful and tried to make some suggestions as well. I had some chili and a NY Strip Steak. Very tasty eats. If you're in the area, this place is a definate stopping point.
I like the location of this spot a lot its down by the water and has some outdoor seating. We sat at a long table with a bench and shared it with strangers. Ordered a sampler and got to try all the beers they had on tap which I believe was about 9 or so. Also had some appetizers and the food was really good. Service was good and vibe was cool. The beers were decent nothing spectacular but if your looking for a fun family friendly spot to have a beer or two this is the place to go. Worth a visit check it out.
Been here several times. Regarding the beer, I have been to about 70 San Diego area breweries. Abnormal is in the top 10% easily. All of their beers are outstanding in their individual styles. The tap list rotates regularly, but the main stays are excellent. Their hazy ipa is excellent and for non-ipa drinkers the blonde is a great choice. Imperial stouts are super interesting and their sours are very approachable. I have problems getting past their Hazy Dreams! The hamburger is delicious, so i have not tried their restaurant food, which looks really good. They serve flights and half pints, in addition to full pints. Simply, their beer is good enough that I have recommended that my friends order it anywhere it can be found.
A nice open room that offers tons of light, a woody/earthy presence, and relatively chill vibe. Small outdoor section that offers no views or anything but a means for drinking in the fresh air. Like it, just wish its location wasn't so far off the beaten path. About a mile and a half further northeast from Odell and Fort Collins Brewery for reference. For a new place, I was quite impressed with the quality of the beer offered. Enjoyed everything I tried. Service was fine, whether it was server knowledge or the brewery doing a good job training the staff what to say, the servers did an excellent job answering questions and describing their beer. Selection was nice with maybe 8 beers on tap from the get go. Didn't try the food. Priced very fairly
While at Brewster's, my friend and I both tried their five-mini-glass sampler for $6. Very nice! It was a good way of trying many of their beers without having to drink more than about a pint's worth over lunch. 
i've been going to this place for almost 3 years and i like it better every time. it brews all the beers it serves on premises at the brewery works below this bar (ps- they offer a free brewery tour every month). 
As I approached, I could not help but be struck by the back-lit bank of FVs that ran along Paradise Road. They just screamed "immense". The entry was on the opposite side if the building, through their parking lot. Entering, the m.d.s. was to the immediate left and was chock full of logo items. Once inside, the square, marble-topped bar sat directly in the center of the space. The bar area was surrounded by an eclectic mix of booths, high tables and chairs, long tables, and standard restaurant tables and chairs. It was a case of something for everyone, including a seat at the bar for me. The far right wall, nearest the road, had the immense kitchen off the the left and also fronted an outdoor patio area. The far left wall, nearest the parking lot, featured the immense brewhouse, behind glass. Billy was my excellent server.
All in all this is the best beer and liquor store in the East Bay. Ed and his staff have made a great name for themselves here. Dont let the initial clutter get to you. Often it is only when new stock comes in. There is often older stock that is no longer available anywhere else that is fair market price. The beer selection is spectacular. Lots of craft brews, supports Russian River huge! Always the freshest Pliny and Blind Pig. And where else can you get a bottle of Johnnie Walker Blue for $139??? This is the only store I go to for beer
Very haphazard store but has everything - best beer selection in area with knowledgable FULL TIME beer staff. Well organized, best singles selection in area and one of the best fresh food markets around. The Gold Standard on how to run a world marketplace.
This is the nicest beer distributor in Pittsburgh. The craft selection is as extensive as any beer distributor, and they will track down anything that is obtainable if you write it on the list at the register. I virtually never buy beer by the case, but when I do it is always at Buddy's.
Love this place. What you can imagine a traditional old boozer would be like - full of blokes drinking, basically no food served, quite a small layout with the traditional (to London) awkward staircase. Always a good selection of cask and a couple of kegs too. Mostly London stuff.
Finally made it to the Ginger Man in Ft. Worth for the first time the other night. I'm a little upset I haven't been here before! I really enjoyed the patio outside, I was even able to bring my dog. This was the first bar in the DFW that I've been able to bring my pup too so I was happy. Everything else was great too. I wish it had a little bit more selection with their beers from Texas but I'm just trying to be picky! Other than that I don't have any complaints, the staff was real nice and it was a nice clean establishment. I will definitely be back soon!
Denver's beer scene is flourishing because of outlets like the CKBC. The brewer - forgot his name - is an alumnus of Dry Dock and has been operating for a year. In fact, I got to the CK on the day they were celebrating their 1st anniversary. In recognition of the day, they had a excellent ESB on, a Black Quadrippel as well as their regular offerings - a pale ale, stout and a amber. I had the ESB, the Quad and the amber, which were all rich and satisfying brews. The other patrons are neighborhood folks, all good natured and appreciative of good beer. I'll readily return.
Absolutely phenomenal place. I think this is the best brewery in Virginia. Some complain about the variety (too many IPAs/pale ales) and high alcohol content of their beers. They advertise right on their website they specialize in hoppy and big malty beers. 
Great vibe to the place. Nautical themes prevail and interesting artwork which goes along with the motifs on their packaging. Nice outdoor porch with views of downtown and ample parking. Could use a bit more natural lighting indoors but I think that will come once they open the upstairs portion. 
Probably the top selection in town, and always plenty of new things available to keep it interesting. Daily fire sale is a good deal, and Sunday ($3 TX pints) and Mondays ($3 most drafts) are even better.
This is a new brewery right on the outskirts of Little Tokyo in Downtown LA. The interior is very spacious, with lots of sitting area. It has a modern, somewhat industrial motif to the place. It's very clean. If you visit here on foot, don't venture too far south of this building, as that's where you'll start to see our urban campers.
My daughter moved into an apartment a block away. After parking the car and walking back to the apt, we noticed a small corner store with lighted beer signs in the window. Intrigued, we walked in and, behold, a cramped area with a nice selection of single beers grouped into different countries. It was a pleasant surprise and have been back a number of times and been to the Northern Liberties location also which has a bigger selection.
I walked into Sonora Brew House - tap room of SunUp Brewing Company - at about 8:00 p.m. after a day's worth of flights and being turned away from an up-scale restaurant due to an hour-and-a-half wait. Needless to say, I wasn't in the best mood and I had thought I was settling in for an evening of fantastic food served in small portions on pristine white dishes.
Travelled here to see the Supersuckers. Beachland Ballroom is off Waterloo Rd north of downtown Cleveland. First of all be very wary of internet map directions because this place is tricky to find that way. Just remember it runs parellel to 71 on the WEST side of the highway so cross over to that side as soon as you exit. There should be street parking somewhere close.
I was really looking forward to the drive down to DC brau to check out their taproom and grab some OTWOA... Really glad I grabbed the OTWOA, but the taproom is nothing to write home about. Great beer, great people working there, taproom could use some work. Want to head back down to tour the brewery.
This place looks a lot like your typical sports bar, perhaps a touch on the dive-bar side, but I wouldn't call it a dive bar. I hit them up at an odd hour and got good service, but it wasn't exactly busy at 4 p.m., either. It was happy hour, so it was nice getting a couple of good beers for less than $5 total. The selection was better than your typical bar, but not great. I had a couple of the Coast beers before heading out. This is a good stop if you're in the area, but not worth going out of your way to visit.
If you come here expect to stand in line to get in. The line does move pretty quickly which is nice as we got seated at the bar area which most in front of us declined on. This place is focused on great burgers and fries, as there are upwards of 15 types to choose from. The food we had was really tasty and worth the higher price. 
You can't just start a day buying a bunch of beer, only to tease yourself that you aren't going to be drinking any of it until much later. Compromise that with a visit to a watering hole filled with goodies. With extra time to spare before the Exponential Hoppiness release, I drove further south on the Coast Highway, finding that the Encinitas Ale House had just opened their doors when I arrived. You'll need to park on the street if you want to visit. 
Came here on a random whim before going to a Nationals game on a Saturday afternoon. Location is a little weird to get to, located down a one-way triangle intersection in a busy part of the city near Howard University, but I found plenty of (free) residential street parking just a block or two away.
Actually very close to this place. It is quite the busy place most of the time. You see every type of person come in here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Casually dressed, very dressed, people that are just in town for a while, regulars, very rich people, college kids.
Conveniently located next door to the local homebrew shop, which is nice. The place is a little bit small and during busy hours it can be hard to find a seat and the wait for a beer can be a little long. It's totally worth it though. The beers are great, the employees are helpful and friendly, and the prices are reasonable. There are a few beers that seem to be standards but are plenty of new/rotating items to keep everything interesting. They let you sample whatever they have on tap, for free, and serve pints, have different growler sizes to go, etc. They don't serve food, but usually have food trucks outside, which are typically pretty good. 
The wife and I drove by this place while en route to our friends' house in nearby Mission, Kansas. I remembered seeing a listing for this joint here on BA so I decided to check it out...
Located near the Hard Rock hotel and about two long blocks off the strip. It is definitely walkable. The entrance has a gift shop on the right and a beer bar on the left with room for about 25 or 30. I recommend going into the beer hall though and sitting down at a big bench table and having a pretzel and a beer. The food is decent German food for Las Vegas but is a tad expensive. The best part is the atmosphere, especially on a Friday night. They have live music by German natives and people can get really excited when they do their "zigy zagy zigy zagy Oi Oi Oi" cheer haha. Worth a stop.
I visited the store looking for an airlock I needed for my fermenter. The lady in the store asked me what I needed and I stated "an airlock". Immediatedly, a direct examination ensued about my process of making an IPA, a batch I was repeating for the 5th time. Without any hesitation, the lady asked "What do you know about beer? I replied that I have been brewing for over a year and that my experince was limited to nearly 100 gallons. Her condecending attitude drove me away from the store wondering why the attitude. I have been brewing for about a year, I have done three bavarian brewing tours in Germany and the Chez Republic, I have read, cover to cover, over a dozen books on brewing and considered myself reasonably knowledgable about the brewing process. Two recommendation for the lady: a. humility in a small busines will take you places and, b. "Relax, have a homebrew" Charlie Papazian.
Great neighborhood dive bar with a great jukebox, belgian mussels, belgian beers, darts, and authentic feather bowling. An institution. Go for the feather bowling, get a few pitchers of hoegaarden, and some mussels and fries.
Silver moon....best priced pint in town! Silver Moon is the dark horse of Bend right now. Been around for several years but the last two years they have really been upping their game. The atmosphere is almost more of a bar feel, pool table featured in one part of the room, a few tables take up the rest of the space. Beer bottles line the shelves around the ceiling...always fun to see what you've tried. As for the quality it is good and always getting better...the service is typical of a pub, good but nothing great. The selection is decent, could use more variety but they are small and growing. The food is good, no great specials or deals and typical of a pub. Overall Silver Moon is the best place to stop in after work and grab a few pints, beyond that it falls in popularity to Deschutes and BBC.
This place has a funky vibe. When we were there last nite there were not enough seats inside (it was busy on a Friday night around 8) so we had to go to the last two chairs outside. To do that legally in an industrial park in DE, they had to sell you a "Mini-growler" - that is , pour your pint of beer into a Ball jar w/ a lid. Then you're allowed to go outside. Felt like I was in a sort of hillbilly environment - a lot of pickup trucks around, but everyone was nice. I think they need more chairs inside, one way or another. A hot dog food truck provided eats, if that was what you wanted (we didn't). The Foxpoint IPA is nice, and hope to see it around at the area pubs - have not, so far.
Visited several times on a business trip to Albuquerque. Thank you to several BAs for recommending this place. Very easy to find: Lomas is a major east-west road in town. Plenty of parking too.
Ok, so you don't go there for the food, you go there for the beer! A fantastic list of on tap and even better bottles, ask any chalice owner, what a great place to enjoy great beer and meet interesting people, chalice #71
Unexpectedly, this happened to be one of my favorite bars from my trip to Belgium. We were going out to dinner one night, and wanted to stop at a place for a beer before. Comptoir Des Arts is on a quieter street of Brugge, maybe a 5 minute walk from the Bell Tower square.
A neat modern brewery with big wide open area. It's like they took a big warehouse and slapped a bar in the middle, with brewing stuff way back behind it. Plenty of high top tables and benches, fairly clean and modern feeling. The bartenders were very friendly and knowledgeable, and helpful when ordering. They fill crowlers on spot which held up pretty well. 
This was a must stop on my tour of Asheville. Open doors in the front allow fresh air to flow. I found a seat at the long bar. There were tap handles hanging from the ceiling along with brewery flags and signs. Loads of stickers on the cold box behind the bar. Downstairs is a Belgian Bar, but I didn't venture down. Kitchen is just off the bar. 
For Honolulu, this place is top notch. Great selection of beer. The ambience, service and food were all excellent. It was pricey, but this is Hawaii. Would recommend to anyone living or staying on Oahu. A $2.00 bus ride from Waikiki and a half mile walk gets you there.
Nice place, but hidden in the back with an outdoor patio area. Quiet for lunchtime, bunch of TVs by the bar. Selection was pretty good, about 10 beers on top when we were there. Beers were good but not great, typically 3.5/5 to 4/5 at best. Really enjoyed the Belly Flop, though. Food was pretty typical Americana, nothing to rave about but quite satisfied. Overall worth a visit, the location is especially nice on warmer days.
Located along Route 7 in the Branchville section of Ridgefield is The Little Pub. This space was formerly an antiques store for many years. Long ago, at one point, I believe that it had been used for a restaurant and bar. It is a cozy space anyway.
Went here a couple times during beer week for a deschutes event plus the 31 flavors of Bell's extravaganza. A bit hard to find the 1st time since the sign is mad small plus it's located in a huge building with other establishments. Went in the ground floor entrance and took a elevator up to the main room, which is HUGE. A big vast warehouse sized room with a modern look with a small amount of rustic. 
This is for there place in Huntington beach. Great taproom. Standard building with a nice seating area with usb and power plugs right there. Also some games. The beer selection the day I was there was killer. Lots of variety. Got a sampler flight of ipa's. They were all great. Definitely stop here.
Matt the Miller is an asset to Grandview. Okay, so they don't have fifty drafts on tap. So what. What they do have is a reasonable selection, featuring, I think, great breweries like Avery, Great Divide, Bells, Two Brothers etc.. and more than enough to choose from if you're wanting to sample. 
I don't know what I was expecting, but I just wasn't expecting this brewery to be a hip little one-ish story building covered in graffiti inside and out, with a cozy skinny bar right at the entrance.
One of the best places in town, all around ! Even brought back a growler of their Scottish Ale and the Blue Ribbon Grand Cru that I'm enjoying as I write this review. You definitely have to go here when in Columbus. The Brewery was located around the corner from the hotel where I was residing and is in the area known as the Arena District.
The quintessential Hamden establishment. Decent place all around, tap list is ok and will occasionally feature some craft, though it's usually from the bigger companies. Food is average pub grub. Service has always been on-point, though, and it's a big reason they're still in business. Nice family restaurant and easy to grab a drink or two, but if you're already in Hamden it's better to drive down the road to MiKro.
This was the best place I went to during my brief stay in Brussels. I spent a long time just looking at the selection of bottles in the front of the store before I sat down for a few in back. 
I dropped into this place as an out of towner who received some fantastic service from the guy behind the counter. The selection was somewhat limited, but they had a single of KBS on the shelf for $5, which was ridiculous. I enjoyed this local style place and I think it is worth a stop. We often look for those gems that might have stuff more than a day after it comes out and this seems like the place. I would go here second after hitting up a huge place to get your staples. The selection here is smaller, but I would definitely stop to see what might be there and to have a nice chat with an enthusiastic staff.
We stopped into this joint while traveling to the Sexual Chocolate release. Great bottle selection, well organized, great taps, awesome employees, and reasonable prices. We chatted with the guy behind the desk and ended up giving him some KY locals we had left over from the bottle share at Foothills earlier that morning and he hooked us up with a 2011 Event Horizon. Awesome gesture! If you are in town make sure you stop in.
I think this is my fourth Flying Saucer and while this one's in a strip mall, it's pretty consistent with the others. It's got the usual decor of dark woods, plates in the ceiling, pennies behind the bar and lots and lots of tap heads. The seating is also pretty consistent with a long bar, lots of tables and booths, couches and an outdoor patio area. They also have darts up front and pool in the back.
Stopped here on a recent business trip. I had actually driven past it a week earlier and stopped in later that day to scope out the selection. As the name implies, this is not a beer-first store (though I wouldn't say it's wine-first, either... kind of a mish-mash). They have an excellent selection of the locals: Shorts, Bells, Founders, Jolly Pumpkin, et al., all in quantity. 
This was the first place I bought beer when I moved to Jacksonville. They have a reasonable selection of beers for sale in six packs. They carry a variety of micros and imports, the occasioanal seasonal--nothing exceptional, but a better selection than the grocery store.
I love me the Big Time. It was my go-to joint during college (the UW is only a block or so away), whether I was having a beer after class or just skipping class altogether. I have been there a few times since then, and I'm glad to see that little has changed.
This place is very loud with the tile all around, frankly this place does not have good enough beer to want to hang out in that scream to talk place. I predict 2 to 3 more years ....wait I went to one in sharpsburg
Wonderful and oft-rotating draft list. Normal go-to's like Whirlpool and Sip of Sunshine as well as hard to find stuff from Cascade, Finback, Grimm and other small brewers. Plenty of space at the large bar and very knowledgeable bartenders!
Great vibe, very cool space. Nice mix of their own beer and well curated guest taps. Service was awful. Bartenders we inattentive, gave short pours and were rude when questioned about pour quality. I'd go back, but hope for different staff.
Stopped in here on a recent visit to San Diego. By the time I made it to Bine and Vine on our trip, it was my second or third bottle shop visit. Great selection overall, if I lived near I would definitely use this as my bottle shop. As for travelers, not the best bottle shop I visited in San Diego, but they did have a few different beers from the other shops. For instance, I was able to pick up a bottle of Older Viscosity here and that wasn't at most of the shops I visited. Service was generally friendly, but nothing over the top.
I've lived within 10 minutes of this place for about 3 years and finally got to stop in for some dinner and beer. I was lucky to sit facing the huge wall with the old Stroh's advertisment painted into the brick. 
Smaller place that just opened a few months ago..light airy and on the modern side...a few tables to eat/drink outside....longer wooden bar and about a dozen tables and a few booths....friendly staff...tasty beer and better then decent food...Worth a visit for a casual meal and quality, brewed in house beers
Near 21st Amendment, so good for a two-fer. I like environments like this with the spacious layouts and high ceilings, as this reminds me of the way many brewpubs were in the 90's when craft breweries were called micros. Server was very nice, knowledgeable, and professional overall. 
Right near our hotel and the possibility of tasting the last Trappist (that illusive Italian one) drew me in. They din't have it, but the rest of the beer was sufficient. The waitress was attentive and friendly but the food was not great. We share some very un flavorful mussels followed by a burnt crepe.
Remember to bring Cash to the sun , no credit cards Accepted. My Favorite Choices are the following , you won't be disappointed...FYIPA & XXX ARE Amazing. These with a plate of Nachos on the Patio, looking at the Flatirons is true Boulder-Style! Cheers
This place rocks - period. Whether you like a particular style made here is really not the issue since all of the beers tasted (and I tasted all available!) were extremely well made and of the highest quality. David and crew are simply doing a fantastic job and in a short time have created one of the best breweries in the state. Kudos. With all of the breweries in the greater Denver area, this is a must stop.
Depending on when you go, this restaurant/bar can have quite a different vibe. During the weekdays and weekend evenings it is mostly a hipster and beer nerd type or crowd while during the day on the weekends you get a lot more of the family crowd. The music playing is usually indie and the waitstaff tend to be 20-something hipsters. The music is generally not that loud and you can carry on a conversation at a comfortable volume. If that is not your scene, you might not enjoy the place.
Great German style beer hall. Wonderful outdoor space. Beer is generally well done but selection is limited. Only four beers on tap. Service is spotty. You don't have one dedicated server. You get the same questions from multiple servers because they are all working all of the tables. Food is amazing however. Great mix of traditional German faire and American standards.
Pretty standard "nü pub" vibe. Like industry. Or Yardhouse chain. Pretty good beers on tap. Lots of locals. Some iffy stuff. They keep the macro's to bottle/can. Our server was no short of a ass clown. But the hostess seemed fine. Bar tender was ok too. Our server just really sucked. Forgot what beers we ordered, put wrong things on wrong tabs, made terrible jokes, etc. huge selection. 60+ taps. Food was ok. One thing that certainly was not cool, was the prices. Most "pintlettes" aka 5oz glasses were $5/e. And they wouldn't allow a small taste before purchasing. Which was weak. Like the concept, pass on the display.
A solid option in a part of town that is sometimes lacking. Food is good but fairly expensive--mostly nice pub fare with a Quebec spin on it. Beer selection is good as well. Yes, they fill up several taps with less-than-exciting options. But they also have a nice draft selection of local brews (Dieu de Ciel, for example) as well as an extensive bottle list, including options from all the Trappist breweries ($60 for Westy 12). Altogether worth a stop for a few beers and snacks.
This is a great place. The old mosaic tile floor and solid white tile walls mark this place as lovingly rebuilt. It is an old new spot, and lovely. First Friday in downtown Greensboro, 18 degrees and wind whipping about. It was a warm crowd, mixed; lawyer types, a very cool extended family, young people of every description. I loved it. I had a Jim's Lunch Stout that was perfect. A little anise, good roast, rather still actually, but active on each sip. I'll buy this beer anytime. Martha had a Monkeysphere from Gibb's 100, a stone's throw away. A really nice addition to the city!
This is pretty easy to find. Its behind the old Heinz plant on the North side. Getting there is a nightmare though. Its the first exit off of 28 coming from the west so you have to cross a billion lines of traffic.
Stop #8 on a lively Saturday pub-crawl of London was a real find, and a bigger surprise! By now RichLightWeight was working overtime to keep us (me!) on track, for I could have stopped in every single one of the last seven pubs for more than the one Pint that we had, and the The Harp was no exception either.
Nice atmosphere, in an old, wooden industrial building, located in an old working area near Seattles water. The area used to be industrial, but is becoming a wee bit gentrified. Not too far from the stadiums, so if you're going to a game, you can find much cheaper parking down that way.
Instant replay is the type of place you stop by a couple times a week and grab a beer or two, maybe watch some sports or just relax. They have your usual bar stuff like darts, internet jukebox, lotto, and 4 flat screen tv's. Stan now hows 12 craft taps! Beer cost is $4-$6 a glass its a pretty hard value to beat in the valley!!! No more $9 snifters of old raspy at McG's...
The atmosphere is very cozy, overlooking a nice canal, with just the right amount of light, seats, wooden furniture, etc. I got there before it opened and found some nice shops right around the corner where I got some quality local stocking stuffers. The bar staff was knowledgable and patient. They have a terrific selection of beers that they matched up well with my loosely stated preferences. Was only there three nights (Sunday through Tuesday) but went back for a 2nd time and was equally pleased. Find somewhere else to eat before or after though--these guys have just pre-made cheese plates, etc. I didn't try them but they looked weak. I will definately go back here again.
World-class selection, great attention to detail and excellent customer service makes this one of the best, if not the best bottle shops I've ever visited. Chris was warm and welcoming and free with the spot-on suggestions. You could tell the guy loves beer and wasn't just trying to make a sale. And despite his knowledge, I never felt talked down to. 
I stopped in Paters Vaetje a few times during my visit to Antwerp in Nov. 2005. It's location right next to the Cathedral in the Schoenmarkt made it a place I passed by often as I walked around sight-seeing. It is a small pub/restaurant with windows looking out onto the square and the Cathedral.
Small bar, but lots of high top tables and some outdoor sitting during the summers. Nice location, very friendly and helpful bartenders all 3 times I have been there so far. Large selection of IPA style beers, not too much variety. Good spot to check out with a restaurant upstairs and some other things being added nearby - winery, snacks and the kayak rental is right there for those who are adventurous.
I was invited to an early weekend lunch here with some friends and was pleasantly surprised. Bilbo had 11 good taps up and running including a couple of Belgians, other imports and (wow!) Arrogant Bastard. Their list of a few dozen bottles leaned heavily to the Belgians with a smattering of some better regional and/or moderately available micros. The food was OK, I thought, but not the best Ive ever had. My non-beer-drinking friends frequent the place for the food, so I guess thats a good review.
Ale Mary's is a great bar to check out for dinner thanks to the solid food and reasonable prices. Beware the crab soup, however. It is simply too thin, not a good example of Baltimore crab. That being said, the Chicken Chesapeake is quite edible, as is most everything else. Selection skews toward Belgian and Belgian style beers with some craft brew basics. Nothing too fancy and rotation is rare. The house ale is middling at best. Service is friendly and the crowd is unpretentious. I generally don't make it here as often as other bars in Baltimore, but it's worth a visit when I'm looking for a change of pace.
A typical pseudo-Irish Pub. The only redeeming thing about the atmosphere is that there is a large patio outside right on the Riverwalk. Inside is a long bar with the tap handles. Dark and kind of dirty. 
If I was writing this review after my first visit, it would be a 5 out of 5. It was really busy, but had such a great energy. I loved the beer. The second time was a little less impressive. The beer was still okay, but they had just built that monster Green Man mansion right down the street. I don't love that place at all. Just doesn't fit with the Asheville scene. The OG place is still nice, but I expect the next time I'm in town, it will be closed.
Glad I came here! Was lucky to get a spot at the bar and the owner even brought me a stool! Little warm where I'm sitting right across from the griddle n friers, but the door is open and a nice breeze is wafting in. Air is good. Customers on my right are super friendly, ditto the bartender. The cooks are cranking the food out and to my eye, it looks faultless. And they sure are serving a lot of it! Got a tv on with the Olympics on behind the bar; small, good picture, and works for me. Lots of dark wood in the place including ceilings. Good selection of draft and bottled beers. Patio in front is busy but has some open tables. If I lived anywhere near here, I can see being a regular. Probably give it a better score too.
Driving by this place, it looks like any average dive bar. But despite the rough exterior, the beer list is one of the largest in West Michigan. They have hundreds of different beers at any given time. 
Well after months and months of being submitted, I gave in and approved Bridget Foy's as a "beer bar" for Philadelphia, and lo and behold.... no reviews. That said, I'll give mine.
Julians a cool funky place in Providence that has good food matched with good beer. The hipster vibe is in full effect here and it shows in the servers and atmosphere. I like the food , the beers and especially the bathroom with the tv playing He-Man episodes, I just wish the service was better. I definitely recommend this place but just be prepared for an exercise in patience. The draft selection is probably the best in the city and the bottle list is decent too. The menu has a lot of vegetarian and vegan options for people that practice those diets. Lot of funky knick knacks and sign age make this a fun spot to have a beer. 
Set in an industrial area of south Minneapolis, and close to some nearby apartment complexes, Wild Mind offers a welcoming vibe, with its wide front grassy lawn, view of foeders behind glass, and open garage doors (when the seasons allow). Small parking lot, with street parking available nearby (but pay attention to nearby businesses' lots and street entrances). Most seating is large communal tables but also has a front bar with individual chairs. Dogs and children welcome. Separate room for off sale crowlers, bottles, and swag/clothing. Good sound system and video displays, mostly of local sporting events. Frequent stop for food trucks. Limited area for corn hole. Good access from nearby freeways and major highways. Tap list has no real standard offerings but just depends upon what is available from the brewer, with frequent changes as to what is on tap. All Wild Mind beers are influenced by the wild yeast used in brewing; look for farmhouse/saisons and brewery created IPA's and dark beers. Also serves cider.
Philly, on the heels of two shortys (yes, Davo is offended) at Kraftwerk and a suckling pig sandwich with broc rabe & sharp prov (is there any other way?), and hold the hots, please, at Paesano’s. And now Barcade; my first time out having missed the soft opening conflicted with a beer festival somewhere (Kennett Square?), and fuck, I’m due. I’m overdue, even. And I probs need to check in again in JC. But today...
Another slick, modern urban brewery/taproom....good thing I like the aesthetic. Place is pretty laid back, open, and with nice natural light (I went early in the day). Allows for an enjoyable drinking experience. All the beer I tried was really good. Can't say I am a huge NE IPA style fan but can enjoy a good one, and the 2 IPA's I tried were both enjoyable. Their sessionable Oatmeal Milk Stout and hoppy saison I tried were my favorites. They offered a nice variety of beers to choose from, their emphasis seeming to be hoppy beers (at least 5 taps devoted to APA/IPA/IIPA). Service was good. Overall, I really liked everything about this place. I think they earned themselves a spot on my list of Denver favorites. TRVE, Comrade, and Bierstadt now have some new competition for my time and money when I am in town.
Brewery and tasting together. Food out sourced nearby. Crowd ranged from 20s to 70s but clearly slanted toward the 20s. Clean, neat, comfortable with good service. Most of crowd was what I’d refer to as “mountain uppies”. Smooth edged, educated local folks.
V: Located - like so many breweries now - in an office park off the beaten path, Strangeways has a cozy atmosphere to it. It's bigger on the inside than expected, with a big patio area with tables. The beer menu is divided into styles or descriptions. A solid place.
This place happens to be in between home and work. The selection is incredible and the prices are fair. Best part is the IPA's are kept cold and everything is organized well. Definitely worth a visit.
Stopped by this place for dinner and drinks with some friends recently. I had reviewed their online menu ahead of time which was accurate. Love places that keep their online presence up-to-date.
The Philospher's Stone Tavern is a decent spot just east of downtown Charlotte on 7th St. It's a locals sort of hangout as it seems most of the patrons are people who live in the neighborhood which surrounds the place. Dimly lit and a little bit dingy, but that shouldn't discourage you. The food here wasn't all that great. Typical selections you'd find at other bars, just didn't taste all that great. I woudn't come back for the food. Beer menu is better than most of your run of the mill bars, but nothing spectacular either. I thoroughly enjoyed the large goblets of St. Bernardus Witbier for $4.50. There were other goodies to be found as well. Shouldn't be your first stop if you're looking for a large beer selection but if you're searching for somewhere not too upbeat in this area that has more of a locals bar feel than this is your stop.
The second brewpub we visited on our brief Nashville brewpub crawl was Jackalope Brewing Company, conveniently located just a few minutes’ walk from our first stop at Yazoo. I wasn’t expecting much, but the place turned out to be quite solid.
I live literally across the street from this place. I'm here multiple times a week, and not even to drink or eat each time. Their food is great and reasonably priced for the area (Main Street will run you a pretty penny more), and their draft list and bottle list are both top notch.
Tiny tap room in rehabbed industrial building with very short service bar and small back room and a few barrels with chairs. 8 beers on tap, the one I had was solid. Fast service; can to go.
For what it is and it's location this isn't all bad. I mean right in the outfield of one of the most beautiful stadiums going right?! Large open windows right onto Eutaw St. The beers have always been ok over the years. On my most recent trip this week the IPA was pretty good. Service has always been attentive even in the thick of a ball game going on. A red, a wheat an IPA and a golden ale or something is the offerings. Taking no chances here. Have never had the food but there were at least 20 people having lunch on a February Wednesday so it can't be all bad. Take it for what it is. Don't expect much and go with the flow. You'll be ok. They always have a 16 ounce aluminum bottle Bud if need be.
Place looks like a typical college dive bar from the outside. Inside, pretty much the same, but I like it. Crowd was pretty much college students mixed with a few older gentleman as well as a few "in the band" type of guys. I was surprised by the techno music blaring over the house system. There were about 12 or so brews on tap. I had an Easy Jack and a Grunion from Ballast Point. A few local favorites as well. Had some really nice bottles in the cooler: 2013 Parabola, 2012 Sucaba plus a few sours that caught my eye as well. Service was pretty good. Didn't have to wait too much for a refill. I ordered a Reuben and it was really good, actually. They threw a twist on it with the chipotle 1000 island. Pretty cool little joint..
I've been here a couple times now while visiting Madison and it is one of a few places I'd suggest if you only have time for 1 or 2 stops. There is definitely a very wide selection of beers. Has to be at least 50 different taps. They've expanded recently to increase that number. They do have some lame Hipster bait on tap but the abundant quality local craft on tap makes up for it.
Pretty small tasting room (relative to what I am used to) that's been packed with not much additional seating or room available each of the times I've visited. Vibe is a graffiti styled industrial with some neon thrown in. bathrooms are kind of nice as they have individual coed rooms/stalls and a joint area to wash hands which definitely makes the most of the available space and help minimize wait for the bathrooms. Service is typically pretty good, and they do a good job working through the crowd for pours. Though I did have to wait for an extended time when i wanted to buy cans and was waiting over the merch/growler fill area and no one came over for probably about 5 minutes. 
V-The place is big. Lots of rooms, lots of patios, and multiple stories. It is located a short distance outside of downtown Victoria and the views of Victoria harbor almost make up for the touristy, slightly cheesy feel. I visited on a Monday evening for an early dinner and the place was full, but I did not have to wait for a table. 
Modern and sleek yet inviting taproom, well lit, friendly staff and wicked fast service. Music level was fine and a number of games on some wide screen TVs over the bar was uncommon touch. Tons of styles on tap, old dependables and trendy new styles (newer stuff was pretty good). Extremely clean glasses and lines, of course. Neat to see all the High West barrels mellowing some tasty brews out.
Atmosphere--the beer area of an upscale grocery store. Space is a little cramped and I'm sure they'd love to have more room. They do a nice job with the space they have.
Right at the beginning of Waikiki, this looks like a pop-up brewery with stools feet from the sidewalk. Nice friendly group of people, and service was really good. I like the lighter side of their styles, and it was enjoyable. Food was stellar; the poke was a perfect pairing to me beer. Highly recommend it as if you are in Waikiki this is an easy walk.
I've never been to Munich, but visiting the Hofbrauhaus in Milwaukee certainly made me all the more desirous of visiting the Mecca of German beer. There's just something so eminently satisfying about drinking a rich, flavorful brew out of a hefty, dimpled liter mug. I had their Dunkel, which was incredibly smooth and delicious, and also sampled their original (Helles) and their hefe - both were great. Obviously it would be nice to have a selection beyond that of a single brewery, but Hofbrau has a very solid lineup. The spaetzle was tasty, and the "pound a nail into a stump with a big hammer on a heavy chain" game probably provided some of the best buzzed entertainment I've every enjoyed. All around, a fun place with good beer and great atmosphere.
Located on a street with a bunch of excellent music clubs. I was here late on a weekend night during jazzfest. Two long dark wood rooms with the bar in the middle on both sides of the adjoining wall. Looks like the space was once two storefronts.There are cool little booths behind the glass that fronts the street. There is also a couch in the back on the way to the restrooms.
Rapidly becoming my favorite beer joint in LA. The shady neighborhood seems to keep out most of the douchbags and they always seem to have a handful of sours on tap. The Verdugo so far seems to be keeping the California IPA landslide at a distance and the barkeeps seem to drink what they are selling and can talk about the product. High points all around for giving a shit and especially for keeping it scuzzy.
The vibe here reminds me of a father's rumpus room in the 50's crossed with some industrial materials. It works though. The layout makes it feel pretty cozy. Generally the place is not packed wall to wall, which makes it a nice stop to hang out and enjoy. They also have an outdoor seating and cornhole area. The beer is solid, but rarely blows my mind. That being said, I've never had a bad beer there. You can always count on a wide selection of ipa, golden, sour, and stout varieties. Service is where Waverly really shines. I've always been treated very well whether I'm stopping in for a single pint or several.
A locals bar and definitely a favorite among students at the nearby colleges. Old photographs and memorabilia on the walls and a game room in the back which includes a pool table. Seating inside is limited but the tap list is superb--30+ beers. Lots of the local beers from Summit and Surly, but also a generous selection from other states that is always changing. Best to go during happy hour when most pints are around $3. Great place to go for beer if you are in the neighborhood!
Used to be a great place until new owners took over. They immediately raised the beer price. Food is mediocre at best and bartenders are rude (well, one in particular). Owner better get his s—- together, many I talk to are saying the same thing.
One well was a shining star in Kalamazoo. The people were great and the beer were unique and extremely well crefted. The owners weren't there when we were in but the bar manager was very friendly and talked with us for quite a long time about various Kalamazoo topics. He was very informative and helpful.
O'Hare finally has a quality beer/dining destination. After years of spotty options, finally. Publican Tavern is worth the trek from another terminal, in case you're wondering. I'll be stopping here any time I have a delayed flight for sure. It's a little pricey, but nothing beats an Orval at the airport. 
Oh, I really wanted to like this place. Spacious, inviting, and warm—literally, but also in the figurative sense, but their beers across the board just did not deliver. Sorry, folks, but that matters too.
This excellent brewhouse is situated in the top north east corner of Huemarkt and is easy to find, being painted a distinctive 'orange' colour. Only a few tables to stand at on the outside, but a small beer garden at rear in a shared courtyard. The interior is marvellous with wonderful wood carvings, modern stained glass windows depicting the Carnival, the usual sanded tables with chairs and benches throughout. Not as much room as many brewpubs, but was always able to get a seat on the three occasions we went. No TVs, sometimes quiet music playing. We found the service good, and attentive, and most seemed to speak some English. In fact the waiters remembered us on our second visit, and made us very welcome and did not even need to be told what we wanted, and would bring 4 glasses of Kolsch for the two of us!
Absolute stalwart of the AZ brewing scene, and their 8th Street location is an icon in its own right. Big, airy, open feel, pretty sure they only have swamp cooling, so it can get a touch warm in the summer months. But, it's also oozes a laid back atmosphere, and offers a pretty fantastic menu. Good beer selection, almost always with a seasonal or two and, usually, at least one cask selection (which they manage very well). Pretty much can't do Phoenix beer without hitting Four Peaks.
We stopped here by chance after having dinner at Resi's Bierstube. It was on our list of must-see places, but didn't realize it was just down the block from Resi's. Glad husband noticed all the neon beer signs in the window.
Started going to this place when it first opened, but have not been back in a while due to distance and lack of coworkers. We used to really enjoy our visits for the most part. Once I was even firmly scolded by one of the founders for drinking my beers in the "wrong order" (heavier before lighter)! Thankfully I withheld sharing my personal, flexible philosophy of style order and just enjoyed the criticism, which showed they at least take a genuine interest in what they're doing. Normally when I went to this establishment it was with a wonderful boss who treated us, so this may color my perception favorably. Sometimes a large, slobbery, powerful looking dog would make its way around, though, and I was not much of a fan of that unless I happened to be drinking the beer and named after it. 
Teller's may technically be a brewpub; it is part of the Queen City Restaurant group (and consequently serves their beer), and the waitress I spoke to wasn't sure if any brewing was done on the premises or if all the brewing was done at the Watson Bros. location.
V - This location is located in Tysons Mall - it's got a nice vibe overall - definitely a brewery/restaurant vibe but from the outside it just looks like any other restaurant in a mall - a lot of "outside" seating since Tysons is huge. 
Stopped in after shopping next door at Whole Foods. Seemed well organized and similar to most big liquor marts in the Denver / Boulder area. Beers are located to the right, while tons of wines and liquors filled the remainder of the store.
Schmidt's is one of my all-time favorite restaurants in Columbus. Just driving through German Village on the brick roads to get there brings back so many memories. It's truly like you've entered a different world.
Just west of 295, down the street from the Great Lost Bear and RSVP, this stellar little clean place is entirely dedicated to good to high end craft beer. He does get some meads and ciders in here, but can be slightly biased towards what he wants in the store, nothing wrong with that to me, just shows that he wants to run a top notch store. With that in mind, he even makes sure the light coming in the window is kept to a minimum and even sets the beers closest to the window a bit further back just so that they don't become "lightstruck." Because of this, his care and respect for craft beer allowed this store to be a fantastic place in the Portland area for beer geeks to check out. Selection is quite good. Prices are reasonable. Owner is super friendly and willing to talk with anyone on what he can get for you.
Amazing. Just leave it at that. Locally owned and operated, the husband and wife team of Ben and Allison have done an excellent job, with amazing customer service. Top that with expertly picked staff that they have, and you have a killer shop. I love going in there and just chatting with them, because the knowledge overflows. You can ask them what you need for certain recipes, and they'll tell you. They'll even create one for you on the spot if you want. I can't imagine going anywhere else these days for my homebrew supply stuff (not even Siciliano's). I feel taken care of by them. Thanks guys!!!
This place is wonderful. The owners Dave and head brewer/owner Ted are approachable and good guys. Ted is a godfather of Michigan brewing and brews great beer (its like he knows my taste buds, thank you Ted). There are usually about 10 beers and some cider on tap. 
This is an awesome little shop whose quality more than makes up for its size. The staff is helpful and passionate about what they're selling, which makes it easy to justify the downtown-Boston markup. The beer section isn't huge, but thoughtfully curated and quite diverse; there's a focus on local craft beer but a bunch of imports and ciders as well. In the gourmet food department, Bacco's has a killer cheese selection right up there with Formaggio's and some of the better shops in the city. Bonus points for an active Instagram/Twitter presence, which I've found very helpful in keeping on top of new releases.
Love this place. My favorite vibe in town. Colorful, neighborhood and non of the pretense of some other big beer spots. Still attracts tourists and people from all over without getting watered down. Selection is just crazy and changes. Wings are the best in town. I've had a bunch of the menu and would go for a slab and crab or a one eye bacon cheeseburger right now. Place has been around for about 35 years and I hope it's around for another 35.
This was an excellent find (thanks to the "Places" section on BA). We were in town on business and this is only a few blocks from the Dowtown Mariott which makes it even better, I didn't expect the beer list to be this good without traveling some sort of distance. 
Awesome stop on the outskirts of Boulder CO. Huge footprint, with indoor/outdoor options and multiple bars. We went upstairs and got food. Super attentive and fast service, with excellent knowledge of the beers and the dishes. Huge selection of beers on tap - upwards of 20 - including the barrel agers that are harder to come by. Of course, the to go options and the merch is all there. Last but not least the food - spectacular. Creative options and absolutely delicious.
A-Comrade is located in a strip mall among some auto repair shops in suburban, SE Denver. The large garage doors up front at Comrade remind you that not long ago, this place was also an auto shop of some sort. The space is large and there are a number of large, community type tables that are mostly full when I visit. Inside, the decor is typical craft brewing...that is, a mixture of industrial-looking concrete, stainless brewing gear, and rustic wood furniture. I don't mean this as a knock on Comrade, but there is nothing special about the atmosphere. 
Downer is in the top tier of Milwaukee beer shops. On the North or East side of town, they can't really be beat for selection or price. Selection is somewhere between a Baliestreri's Sendik's and Ray's. 
Came here for a Russian River Framboise for a Cure event, and since it took place on a Monday night, we were lucky to walk in and find a table right away. I suspect this place gets very crowded and the seating is fairly limited. It's a pretty cramped space, with some of our chairs impeding the walkway for the servers. It was also very loud. 
Corner bar paired up with a small food place. They have some guest taps and a lot of Rip Current's regular lineup, plus some specials. Small taproom kind of vibe with loud music and several TVs with sports. 
One of my favorite places to stop at when visiting the area. They alwasys have an excellent selection of cold and regular bottles plus something fun to try in the tasting room. Everyone working there seems to have a smile on their face and happy to assist. I have never left empty-handed and don't plan to in the future.
Located right downtown in a fantastic old building.Stained glass,ornate ceilings and walls,etc.Decent sized bar,and adequate table seating. Found some meter parking a couple of blocks away rather easily.
Cant really be objective here because my love for this brewery runs so deep, also i am a local. if you are in Madison Wisconsin you would be missing out on the best brewing going on in town if you to stop here.
100 something taps available, with anything they can get their hands on coming into the state. This is up and coming in that distribution will improve, and they will be a factor. I liked the bars, they were welcoming and the centerpieces of the location. I liked that they were emphasizing variety, a board listing IPAs, a board listing wheat beers, etc. To improve, they can start a beer cellar for themselves. Good service, and a desire to please all crowds, they have noticed the craft beer scene and are responding. Still, a number of stella-like taps. I am sure in a few years, next time I am here, it will be a worthy go-to place for the area.
I have been to Plan B on several occasions and it has always been excellent. All of the burgers I have tried are good and the onion rings and sweet potato fries are great. The beer selection has always been good. The last time I visited I had a Stoudt's Fat Dog Stout draft and it was at a good temperature (i.e. not too cold) and they only charged $5, I expected to pay more.
This place was such a great find! As someone who's in the area only every few months, I was thrilled to stumble upon a one stop location for tons of taps and great food. It was a bit overcrowded (and heavy on the hipsters) for dinner on a Friday, but getting a beer at the over-full bar was easy enough. 
As an amature homebrewer i look for a place i can go to ask questions as well as get supplies. Anne and Matt have been more than helpful, encouraging me to call with any questions. Here in VT local is a relative thing with relation to homebrew supplies but even though they are 2.5 hours away from me i still make the trip to patronize them. Sometimes i call in orders and have them shipped as well. They have been great, if they don't have something i need (which is rarely), they are always willing to get it and it is very quick. I could order from anywhere, I still order from them.
'Far from the madding crowd' (good name for a book or a film that), this bar is worth the walk, plus it is only two doors away from the excellent Bierboom shop/bar.
2/25/17: stopped in here last week and saw Bell's Black Note for $11/bottle on the menu. My buddy and I thought this must have been a misprint, but we ordered it anyway. Two minutes later the waitress came out with two bottles of Black Note. I've never seen this beer in a store or on draught in NC, it is rare down here, and it comes and goes like a fart in the wind.
This place is crazy. I went in the week leading up to Oktoberfest so my opinion may be skewed by a lot of things. First off, come in and sit anywhere. All community seating and no-one minds a friend, right? Secondly, look for the pretzel lady. €4 (ish) later, start looking over the menu for some awesome food and beer. They have different language menus available, ask for one if you need one! Seevice was terri le, but it was busy and like I said, during the lead-in to oktoberfest.. They had an awesome band and the vibe was great!
I was staying on the same street and headed down. Interesting brewery with some nice offerings like the Monster Park stout. Kind of off the beaten path along the way to the airport. But a good place to check out.
Tiny new brewery in Boulder with an excellent tap room and friendly people. It hasn't been busy any of the times I've dropped by, but the bar tenders are always attentive and friendly. The tap room could use some games or something to do while drinking their fantastic beers. If they had some TVs, I'd be here every Sunday. They also fill growlers at a great price given their tiny brew house.
We love this place. Go downstairs and the room is a brick lined grotto with comfortable seating and playing good rock music, but not too loud on a powerful system. They have an extensive Belgium beer book listing some pretty high priced beers but there are also about 6-10 reasonably priced draft Belgiums served in beautiful appropriate glassware priced between $7-$12. The servers are very knowledgeable and helpful in making your selection. I think their mussels are great and are cooked in many different ways. We also enjoyed the pommes frites and a tasty roasted beet and avacado sandwich. They open at 5 or 5:30 depending on the day and I suggest you arrive early as it can get crowded. I believe the kitchen opens at 6. If you like fine Belgium ales this is a place you must visit if in town.
Amazing view! They have big door openings to the river in the background, with bar seats facing it, which is incredible to sit and drink with that view. Looks like their setting up a fence around there which will probably have tables in the future, so that's awesome. It's a modern style building with the brewery in the background, and bar in open space with industrial tables around. It feels like you're drinking in a brewery. 
This place is very hard to find, no signage just a key. The crowd was not what I had in mind, and the place was very empty. They did not have much on draft, mostly bottles that were overpriced IMO. There are much cooler places to visit in San Francisco IMO.
- Have been to the Mayor a couple times, and have always had a great time. Food is very unimpressive, but sheer number and degree of rare and delicious brews is extremely impressive. Would suggest coming here for anyone that enjoys Colorado craft and beyond...
Stopped here the other night for a Southampton event. Got there before 7 and their happy hour has $2 off draft. Not bad getting Captain Lawrence Kolsch and Geary's Pale Ale for $3.
As a newcomer to the homebrewing world they were super helpful in helping me out with my recipe. Great selection and very competitive prices with the other local homebrewshops. Staff is very positive and they are an asset to have in the Grand Rapids area. Highly recommend paying them a visit the next time you need to stock up.
I lived on Oahu for 6 years, and visited this place quite a few time. Come for the beer, stay for the view! It's right on the water - you could literally jump off of the porch into the water.
This is the downtown Nashville bar that has the most taps, almost 70 or so. But out of the 70 there are about 25 beers worth having here since the rest are every macro ever created. But I still prefer the 25 that did entice me over most other bars in Nashville. A few Blackstone, Highlander, Sweetwater, and Yazoo beers were my choice over the two days I visited. 
Went in around 2:00 PM on a Saturday. Really cool atmosphere, that mix of industrial, and modern. You weave through the tables to get to the bar, which is pretty large and spacious. Once at the bar, there were about three or four people behind the bar, and not really busy, but it took a couple minutes to be recognized. Friendly, but somewhat elitist. Looking through the beer selection, which was very nice, but kind of run of the mill. Nothing really knocked my socks off. The food menu was nice as well, but ordering the meat/ cheese/ vegetable board for $19 and getting not that much. Not saying it wasn't good, but 3-4 ounces of meat, 4-5 ounces of cheese, and a beet and a cocktail onion for $19 was a bit much. I did enjoy this place, but I was expecting something a bit more the way I hear people talk about it. I just feel it was a bit pricey for about average stuff.
Higher scale neighborhood restaurant, nice tap list and eclectic menu. Catering to those in the restaurant "industry". Parking can be a chore, but food is good, and they were running a beer engine.
It was going to be a long day, so how does one start off a long day properly? If you're like me, you get yourself going with a visit to a beer store with plenty of options. Don't be fooled by the exterior, there are gems inside. 
Good place to have a few drinks. Enjoyed the atmosphere and conversation with knowledgeable staff. Good selection of beer and they rotate out the kegs to keep the offerings coming. Parking is a challenge. Have a nice outdoor area to enjoy a cigar.
great selection in both quantity and quality for a grocery store. There is a large beer section, divided up and organized well by region. Good selection of local VA beer for me to pick up while in town from PA.
Big Dog's Draft House is an interesting little spot. Large bar, well staffed, knowledgeable bartenders, and some great original brews populate the main area. Some circular tables orbit the main bar area, and to the left you can see the brew house through some large windows. To the right lies the restaurant area, which I never ventured into. Video poker games occupy most of the bar surface, although there is still plenty of room to eat and drink. The food was decent, and moderately priced, but other than their signature brews, don't expect to find many other beers in the selection.
Cheers: Quite an improvement over the last venue that called this place home. While ACE is "the helpful place", they did not sell any fine exilers. Plenty of good looking people who certainly shower on a regular basis. Barkeeps are always helpful, dropping tidbits of info as they pour. Food is Buffalo renown, cheese plates and pannini oh my!!! Secluded exterior whizzing area. Stranger of the Night soup kitchen right around the corner in case you blow your life savings and need a little mac n cheese.
Good beer that you can't get outside the brewpub. A couple of the beers were 4/5 in my opinion. Others were average. Service was okay, but not great. Pizza (Atomic) was awesome--something different (thin crust) than the crowded deep dish places. Bottom line: very good beer and great pizza make this a place worth visiting when in Chicago.
Visited on a Saturday mid afternoon. Could tell it wasn’t a popular time but the staff were very friendly. Tried several tasters and went with a crowler of raspberry milkshake ipa. Loved the unique varieties they had. Jalapeño cream ale was very good as was the coffee stout. Will return soon to try others. Nice atmosphere!
I was recommended this brewpub by a few employee's when I ate at Frite Alors earlier in the day. Crescent Street is home to many bars, and this sits near the south edge. It's not just close to downtown, it's also close to the hostel I stayed at. 
Overall a cool place to check out. The atmosphere is cool, with a lot of cool memorabilia and different items to check out. They have a nice selection of their beer and few guest taps. I had the flight and each of the beers were definitely decent. I followed up with a DIPA and that was by far the best. If you are in the area it is worth dropping by.
In the Sellwood neighborhood across the street from a delicious New Mexican restaurant, Adobe Rose, is the latest branch of the Lompoc family tree. This one isn't technically a Lompoc but it is co-owned by one of the Lompoc guys and serves a selection of six Lompoc beers.
Stopped here after a Beer Temple trip. Burgers are enormous and they have some cool appetizers. Beer on top is solid, and some good bottles. Not a ton of options, but what they have is good.
A decent walk from the Metro station. But a nice street with a very cool craft vibe. Very attentive staff who asked if I was looking for anything specific and went out of their way to be helpful when I asked about local beers. Tons of local beer, most importantly, they are fresh. Many stores I stopped by in DC had lots of beer, but they were more than out of code. They're fresh, and the selection is phenomenal. Tons of MD, DC and NoVA craft beer, but also a nice selection of imports and distributed craft beer from elsewhere including Allagash, Firestone Walker and Funky Buddha. I came back twice to stock up on beer during the 2 weeks I was in DC. I highly recommend this as the bottleshop to go to in DC if you are visiting.
Not sure why, but I really enjoy this place. Perhaps it's because I've spent so much time at Logan Tavern a couple of doors down, and upon discovering this place I realized that this was what I was looking for in the lacking Logan. It's kind-of sports-pub-y, with various sports momentos on the walls, and a few TVs piping in the game. The beer selection is very good, lost of craft brews and maybe just Miller Lite if I remember correctly. The onion rings and "secret sauce" are excellent, but I've tried a few other food items and haven't been dissapointed. The Fisherman's IPA paired with the strip-steak and blue cheese salad makes for a fantastic dinner. And I noticed recently that they now have outdoor seating.
Hodgepodge warehouse slash beergarden/patio, somehow feels roomy yet cluttered all at once. Everything fried is decent for the price, although the Asian fusion was disappointing, and not worth the price. Beers were delicious, and that’s what’ll bring me back again.
Right on St. Denis near UQAM, probably where they get most of their business from. Based upon my limited experience, I would say that anyone with any sense walks a few more blocks up the street to L'Amere a Boire.
I think it's safe to say this is a unique place. The Lager House is two stories. It's much more of a restaurant atmosphere than a lager house atmosphere. Regardless, there is a bar on each floor. It is more advisable, however, to go there for a meal. The food is excellent and there is essentially a full restaurant menu. 
Amazing place in Largo! Happened to stop by the Sunday after Thanksgiving and we were the only ones in there but beer was amazing. Sours were fantastic, especially the one with cinnamon in it. The vibe was incredible as you could look at the barrels that were aging, play board games, and they had an outside patio with a stage that looked like it was set up for bands. The bartender, who also a co-owner, was a friendly and knowledgeable.
Great place. They had Many good beers on tap including a lot of local offerings. after much deliberation I had vertical epic 12, wookie jack, and the Abyss. The food is a little outside the ordinary but excellent. The Spam sliders are especially fantastic ( I know spam, right but trust me they're awesome). The gourmet pizzas and burgers ( you can choose from different types of patties including smoked pork) are also great. Most importantly the menu seems to be designed with craft beer in mind. finally the servers are all knowledgeable and friendly (Chelsea waited on us and was awesome). Overall the Angels Trumpet Ale House seems to be a great place and one of the few true craft beer havens in the Phoenix metro area. Highly recommended.
i did not start drinking beer until this past summer and let me say the oak is the place to go for first timers! there is such a wide selection of beers at the oak that you can try virtually every type of beer!! My fave is Hoegarden with a little bit of lambic framboise! The service is great! The staff is very knowledgeable and engaging. The day I was in there about it was mid day and it was happy hour and hoegarden just happen to be on special, 22oz for $2.50 is a great price! 
Located in the back corner of a shopping center, the place is a typical modern bar / eatery. There is plenty of glass for natural light along with some garage doors that open up into outdoor seating. The bar is L shaped and wraps the wall for the kitchen. Plenty of regular tables for dining or enjoying a pint. There were 10 Huss beers on draft, including two specialty brews for the season. The beers were solid offerings in the styles. Definitely a cool place to hang through happy hour, especially with the pint-priced small pitcher offering.
Fantastic execution, especially for their IPAs. Hop Drop and Roll is the best Charlotte beer hands down and why not have it directly at the source? The tours are great and overall its a fun spot to relax for a few hours.
At the end of a family vacation to Chicago, I stopped into this place with my family. It was a Saturday night, and the place was absolutely packed, yet the wait wasn't quite as long as we expected. They have an open rooftop bar with a city vibe. The restaurant is fairly large, with plenty of seating. The service was prompt and friendly. We had the sampler, which was tasty and well-made. but not particularly interesting or outstanding. The food was also solid. I had an entree of beef tips that were very enjoyable.
My old local. It's a great place with a lot of selection (taps and bottles) and have been really stepping up their game recently. It's also one of the more reasonably price places, likely due to their location. It's also open all the time which makes life easier for a quick afternoon stop on their back patio.
While in Mentor/Eastlake on business, I was told my the locals that if I liked beer, that I simply had to go to this store. Coming from the East coast, I was very happy to see a number of beers that I couldn't get elsewhere. 
Love this place! They have a great selection, I do the make your own pretty much every time so I can try new beers. The staff is friendly and knowledgable, they haven't done me wrong yet. Please don't judge this place by it's website though, which totally sucks!!! Looks like someones C average graphic/web design flash final project.
This is an interesting place in the middle of downtown Portland with many great places with a few block. Def worth a stop in. Beers are OK, some good and some bad, some experiments and some I feel weren't what they should have been. The beer selection was nice, all their own, but quite a few of them. (although they do have a few cans and bottles from other places). 
This was stop #1 for my wife and I on a 9-day East Coast pub crawl and a family visit. The brewery is located slightly away from the busy Rochester area and any other retail business, and the building has a rustic style on the exterior, as does the pub area on the inside. The dining room is not quite so, but the vibe of the place is very good.
Calm inside and away from the noise, Collins Pub is one of those places where you can unwind, have a conversation, drink a few good beers, and eat a quality dinner. The beer list already speaks quality, as names like Ommegang, Rogue, Laurelwood, Drakes, Pelican, Dogfish Head, Stoup, Aslan, and Holy Mountain pour from the 20 taps. In addition, a handful of Belgian beers from the bottle were available as well. Despite the fancy glassware that I spotted which was reserved for the bottled Belgians, shaker pints were the glass of choice for the drafts. Nonetheless, my Bellingham Brown was dreamy. Nearly as dreamy as the beer was the food; a grilled pork chop with yukon gold potatoes and asparagus was just the comfort food that was calling for me after a long day of sightseeing and drinking in nearby Tacoma.
A great place to have near my house. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable about the products and there is a great selection. I have recently the rotation of beers going through their growler station. It is a great store to continue exploring and learning more about beer.
3rd and 4th 2014, nothing new atmosphere, not much changed (bier garden), more brewing cap, more of their own beer. interesting stuff, pricey. wife hates it. nothing new its just a sterile bar. i usual I am low ranker, but I have better standards, lol
Nice inviting dark wood and exposed brick interior as you enter, minimal decor and nice dim lighting. 8 page beer menu with about 20 drafts and a wide selection of bottles. Good blend of local, American Micro and imported micro beers. Not a terribly huge or overly exciting selection of hard to find or rare items, but very nice. Food is slightly above average bar food - some different items on the menu, but frequently lack bold flavor. The fries are fantastic however. Service can be hit or miss, the bartenders usually on, the servers not so much. Quite pricey for some items - $7 bottles of items that can be found quite easily for $5.50-$6.00 elsewhere in the area. Good spot, but nothing that screams to me to come back if im not in the area.
When you can't get to Munich and want to feel like you are, visit the Hofbrauhaus in Pittsburgh. My family visited last weekend and we were all very pleased with the beer, food and service. The beer is brewed 
I have to say that this is a very welcome addition to the usual airport food court/bar scene. As you might expect, atmospere here is nothing special, with Rogue PDX consisting of a 10 seat bar area and a moderate size dining area off to the left. It really looks like pretty much any airport bar, except that in this case there is a nice selection of Rogue house beers on draft, and XS and limited release beers in bottle. One thing I found very interesting here is that they will fill a growler for you to take on board your flight. They didn't really have anything I wanted a growler of this day, but still, I thought this a very nice option.
This is a typical Bev Mo spot and fills the gap for the Point Loma area pretty well. As a visitor from the east coast this was a good place to stop in a pinch between better spots by the beach (Olive Tree) and in town (Best Damn Beer).
Wow, what a great place for food and beer! The selection of on-tap Stone beers is a bit limited and disappointing, given the breadth of their offerings, but there’s a long list of world class beers available in bottles in case they are needed. Innovative gourmet food menu. Multi-faceted environments. Friendly service. Excellent venue. Go if you can.
I don't think you can make a more average brewpub than this place. I go in with my wife and the female bartender has this attitude like I am interested in trying to "pick her up" in the middle of the afternoon. I had a burger with some garlicky fries which were highly recommended and they were average at best (both the burger and fries) . I tried the 4 or 5 different beers and they all had a sameness to them even though they were different styles. I like Main Street Station and Monte Carlo brewery MUCH better than this place. I would probably not go back.
Great place to visit and relax with some amazing beers. Would recommend visiting in the summer when the outdoor space is lively, great music and lawn games to go along with your preferred beverage. Only "complaint" is that it can be a bit crowded at times, but other than some longer waits for a refill, it's not a big deal.
The obviously hired sales person was friendly and helpful, but inexperienced. The obviously more-experienced, gray-haired owner, however, seemed out of it. From personal experience with my father, I suspect this is due to hearing loss. 
Visiting a friend in Mt. Washington area and he took me here. Some tables outside and a lounge area inside. In the back is a food counter with seats and some glass cases of beer. 
I typically get their DOOMPEDAL because it's the closest to a wheat beer that they have and it's a mild taste. I LOVE their food. They have a few games that you can play while sipping and munching. It can be rather noisy, but if you are able to listen to a record that you like, that will help with the enjoyment. When the weather is cooperating (i prefer cool not very breezy weather), then the patio is a MOST excellent choice. They are dog friendly, but only on the patio.
Only 4 beers on tap the day we visited, but the beers we tried were the best of the day... out of 6 Detroit area breweries we visited on a weekend in Oct 2019. Cool vibe on a Saturday night. The free peanuts were a sweet bonus! Definitely worth checking out this brewery.
Elk Horn is a big, lodge-themed brewery that also has a bit of a sports bar feel. In fact, it's so orderly inside that you might guess it was a chain restaurant. They have 18 house beers on tap, though, plus a selection of ciders. Overall, the beers were decent if not mind-blowing; I was impressed that they had a tripel, though.
The taplist selection always gets me in here. It's always on point. If you come during lunch or happy hour, that's your best bet as the prices are as good as can be. Otherwise this place can be a bit pricey. 
As the name suggests, this is really a wine store, and one of my favorite wine stores around. However, they do have a good little selection of craft beer as well. The store is a bit cramped with an odd layout, but they do a good job curating their selection. On my last visit, they featured some breweries you don't see all that often around here like Lone Pine and Burial, and they had some interesting bombers on the shelves.
Totally overrated. Skip this Vegas-esque bar and head to Choice City or Tap and Handle. Overpriced, overrated, no atmosphere, etc. With all the great beer bars and breweries in Fort Collins, this would be my last choice. The beers are expensive and the glasses are dirty.
A very pleasant spot to buy a wide array of craft beers. Clean, friendly, with a nice corner tap area that offers the chance to try interesting and sometimes hard to find beers. I had the latest Abyss when I visited, and could have easily ordered a half dozen if I'd not been in St. Louis on business.
We made our way here and it was a packed happening place. No room to sit and unfortunately no place to even stand. The bar staff wouldn't serve us because they were busy with the wait staff. A cool space but the atmosphere was a bit cold and soleless. 
Visited this place, adjacent to the Viktualienmarkt in December 2007 about lunchtime or a little later. It is a fine place that seems to have been fairly recently renovated to a high standard. Unlike other nearby bierhallen, this place has modern decor but is still in keeping with the bierhall theme. It was full, but we were shown to a a table without much delay. We did not eat there, but tried a few of their brews; Hacker-Pschorr Helles and Hacker-Pschorr Dunkels. I also had a taste of their dark weisse. All these beers were decent, without being brilliant. The toilets are located in the basement. All in all, a very nice place for a brew to escape from the shops.
What is there to say about about this place? It's the best. Amazing selection of foreign and Maine beers. Menu is just what it should be - mix of great cheese pairings and cut-above pub food. Justifiably beloved.
Waxy is located right on the Riverwalk, but away from most of the Riverwalk's tourist traps like the Hard Rock Cafe. I couldn't help but notice that it's neighbor is an upper class restaurant that shoots mist at the people walking pass it. There's no parts to this place. When you first walk in, This place is just a small bar with a few tables, a barrel by the door, and vintage beer signs on the wall. Walk pass this samll part and you'll come into the main part of the bar. It's one big aisle with a wooden bar on one side and wooden booths on the other. The booth side has a whole wall with pictures of the old country, while the bar side has a big wall with high priced liquor, a few small flat screen TVs, and about 8 to 10 taps.
Visited the day after the World Beer Festival in Durham after a recommendation from staff members that were at the festival. A beautiful Irish Pub, not the cheesy corporate rip-off kind, but one with real Irish feeling. The beer selection was not like other places in Raleigh as far as numbers go, but still found something to try. The beers, mine and my friend's seem to have a similiar off flavor, neither one of us could pin point it it was subtle but still there. The Cheese soup was out of this world. A must see place for the atmospheere alone.
I don't know how long they've been open, but Gritty's feels like a very, very oldschool brewpub. The beers are all English-style, served only slightly colder than room temperature, and the quality varies from "okay" to "the first batch of homebrew someone didn't fuck up entirely." 
This is by far the best beer selection in the Upper West Side\Morningside Heights\Harlem\Rest of Uptown Manhattan. Fairway (both west side locations) and Whole Foods (100st) cant beat this. They have everything from the NYC heavies like Six Point\Bronx\Kelso etc to "upstate faves" like Saranac\Ommegang\Southern Tier etc. Nice representation from LI as well. In addition they carry a lot of East Coast and a lot from West coast breweries. Not just 1 or 2 but multiple beers from these breweries. A nice singles\bombers selection on 1 wall that includes Alesmith\Cascade\Almanac etc. In addition to the Americans there is a wall of Belgian\English\German\Irish\Scottish\Czech selections. They even have some New Zealand breweries.
Went to this place for a young alumni function of my undergrad institution recently. My "$" inexpensive rating applies only if you are to go on a Thursday, in which case it will be $2 pints of any of their own beers. Great deal, and the beers were pretty good. None of them have many ratings on here, so hard to judge the general response to them, but I did enjoy the porter a fair amount. Not the best I've ever had, but a solid porter nonetheless. An appetizer bar was served to our group, and I must say it was pretty good, especially the mexican-style ones, whatever they were. Worth a trip I'd say to see what it's all about. Service was exceptional. The wait staff remembered everyone in our group's name after the first serve and I never had an empty glass. Remember, go on a Thursday!
I was fairly new in the world of craft beer when I visited Porter for the first time a few years back. The servers there were very helpful in selecting new and interesting beers. And I was quite happy with everything they recommended. The food there is very good. I had their mussels and fries and they are some of the best I've had. Highly recommended.
Stopped by here to pick up a wine order, but seeing as how I'd never been here before, I thought I'd check out the beer selection as well. Wow!. This place is comparable to the Wine Source and Shawan liquor in terms of selection. It's a bit disorganized, but they had an excellent selection of craft beer and imports. This has to be only the third place I know of in town that carries the "thank you, thank you very much" IPA from CC, and the rest of the selection was every bit as impressive. Also, the store had around 8 or 9 cold boxes, loaded down with 6 packs and bombers of craft beer (wine coolers and macro swill as well, but still). There was an equally large selection of craft beer and imports on shelves and various displays.
As you go upstairs from the Mile you see additional restaurant space with similar motif. But towards the end of the room is a wall with gothic-style stained glass windows with a smaller bar area beyond. Introducing the Red Monk. A beer bar that focuses on Belgian beers and others that are Belgian style or heavier than the norm. It can be summed up as "they have delirium tremens on tap!" They even had tulip glasses to ensure you get the full bouquet of the beer. The bartender was knowledgeable about the beer menu and was s good server. My only beef is the music getting unnecessarily loud after 7. So sitting in the area by the stairs is a good balance. You are able to get the Royal Mile's food menu and beer from both places. If the Miles is a bit crowed and loud, take a walk upstairs for a good beer experience.
Really nice selection of craft beers in smaller format and bombers. Staff was very helpful when I went in. Was looking for a specific bottle. They didn't have it in stock but offered to call to their other locations for me, more than a lot of places would typically do.
Dusty. Disorganized. Many beers aren't priced. Not in the best neighborhood. I absolutely love this place. It sorta feels like if one of your friends (Burc) turned his basement into a beer cave. You'll be treated like a friend and not a customer, whether you like it or not. Tap list is small but always has at least a couple things you'll need to drink. The bottle selection isn't huge but you won't find any filler. Nothing but good stuff here. Every time I come I find something I must have. Recent visits have yielded things like new Holy Mountain, last year's Sucaba and a Sump. 
A good brewery that used to be much better. If not for their excellent Bourbon County Brand series, I would give much lower marks. Their base line beers are completely uninspired and their mid tier (Sofie, Pere Jacques, Matilda, etc.) are good but overrated.
I heard about Galco's from a PBS show called "California's Gold" long time ago mainly for their soda collection. I finally visited today for the first time. It's about a half mile from the 110 Freeway near the Pasadena area.
Aside from the delicious and "known for them" Cinnamon Buns, the beer selection is vast and the food is good and adequately filling. With beer styles stemming from origins such as Germany, Italy, Canada, US, China, etc. the selection is large and what's great is almost every beer they carry gets served in its respecive glass from the brewery. A very nice touch. Environment is a comfy, neighborhood style with a tonne of rich history in Edmonton. Lovely for an afternoon snack or a midmorning brunch, Sugar Bowl is a staple of Edmonton that has and will be around for a long time.
Went there on a trip off the Disney "campus". Never been to a WOB before so wasn't sure what to expect. Little pricey on the to go beers but I get why they charge that way. Most important needs were met, however: beer was fresh and tasty and the service was outstanding. Mario the bartender knew his shit and helped me find some good locals, which was my goal. Not a lot of people there since it was a Wednesday late morning, but when one of the other bartenders came in and I saw the tacos he ordered, I had my lunch picked out. If you find yourself in Disney World and want some great beer, food, and people who know beer, get the hell off campus and head here. Good stuff and your magic band won't blow your arm off.
Boda is a nice little Thai-ish restaurant in the West End of Portland, ME. Thai is not what I think of when I want a good beer place, but this restaurant is honestly a hidden gem. They have a small but fantastic selection of rotating craft brews including Allagash, Oxbow Farms, Wolavers, and Rogue (when I was there). Beer is reasonably priced.
I just happened to notice this place online during my last trip to VT. Situated on a very unassuming back road in Winooski, in a little warehouse directly adjacent to a bike shop, sits this new little brewery. Inside, it looks like a overly-zealous homebrewers garage, with all kinds of brewing paraphernalia and loaded carboys everywhere. But there is a little bar right in the center, and one of the owners (or perhaps the only owner?) was there serving beers. I got there right at opening time, and apparently beat the guy there. haha But it wasn't long before about 10 people came in and out.
Very college type bar, tons of taps, nothing crazy or out of the ordinary on most occasions. Servers usually know nothing about beers being served. Nice place to watch a game and grab some bar food.
Boasts 31 micros on tap and they did. Broad selection from the Midwest to the west. Casual atmosphere, good for conversation over a pint or two. Lay out was great. Service was quick and friendly. Great selection of food.
Deep selection, particularly Belgian and PA beer. Serves beer in appropriate glasses. A little pricy, but if you go during happy hour (4:30-6:30) all Belgians and crafts are half off. Makes it very affordable. Both times I've been we've had great service. Also do a fun "mystery beer" each night, for a gamble. Food is your average bar food, but let's be honest if you're on this website reading reviews you're going for the brews. Highly recommended.
Great brewpub right on the border of SoDo and Georgetown tucked away in a warehouse complex next to a Vespa dealer. Can beer hard to find if you don't know where it is or you miss the beer -&gt; sign.
Great place only a few minutes off I-83. Alway try to stop by on my way home from BWI. Excellent selection and since I reside in PA, I usually go right for the hard to get stuff (Firestone Walker). Staff is really helpful and prices are decent too.
At long last, after 13 years, got to return to this gem again. It exceeds my fond memories. Got to take my Brazilian friend and she was suitably impressed. I had about four or five cask ales that were pretty good. Also had some scotch eggs that were on the lame side. The bowl of pistachios was just that, the mixed olives were good. Service was decent and they were very open to providing free tastes. Friednly crowd. And of course, the aesthetically perfect pub interior. They accept credit cards and tips on plastic.
The bar/restaurant has an art deco theme to it. A mural called "Station Man" depicting all modes of transportation hangs near the bar. The bar itself is covered with Mercury dimes and has the owners' friends’ names letter-pressed into the brushed zinc top. The, the outdoor patio called the “Biergarten” filled in with reclaimed Detroit road bricks and has an awesome view of Michigan Central Station and Roosevelt Park. The lower level, named the “Corktown Cellars” is a funky room with additional seating. Too cool.
In Burg square, just next door to the Basilica of the Holy Blood. You can see the bottles in the window. Three beers on tap and instead of metal kegs was a plastic bladder with clear hard plastic outer shell... interesting... I do very much like the idea of having a tastings in a beer store.
Visited the Gritty McDuff's pub on 4th of July for lunch around midday. We were seated promptly out on the patio. The atmosphere is uber kid friendly. A large fenced in grassy area for families to play. There is also a kid sized clubhouse to enhance the kid experience.
I appreciate this place at DIA to get a beer between flights, especially when DELAY creeps into you itinerary. I had an extra hour to kill, so I walked almost the full length of the concourse and was rewarded with a pint of 2 Degrees Below, a winter seasonal.
I like Total Wine, but that's because I live in Florida. There are hardly any good craft beer stores. Knightly Spirits blew this place out of the water, but it doesn't mean it's not a great go-to place for craft beer.
Food is GREAT here but the specials go quick...so if out of those go with Bang Bang entree or sandwiches (Cubano or Tonkatsu with homemade kettle chips). RPM is a Bend staple IPA but haven't had many others from Bone that I liked...try and see!
This old chicago has the least going for it of any in Omaha. Poor service has been the norm for me at this one whether at the bar or seated in a booth. The beers seem to be fresh but it is often difficult to get served. The fact that the place is in a typical strip mall limits the amount of things that they can do here to make the experience more appealing. Overall not bad for omaha but definately the weakest in town.
Quality beer and a burger kinda place in this small town....better the decent selection when I visited, nice mix of quality locals and regionals..plenty of good beer to be had...burger I had was excellent...worthy local place...worth a visit if you are in the area
The brewery guesthouse is located in the quiet town of Wuergau, a few kilometers from Bamberg. The building is block like, with two copper kettles located in one corner. You enter into the restaurant portion and check in. The rooms are upstairs. Wifi is available, but due to the construction, mostly in the restaurant. Food is excellent - we tried the Hirsch goulash and pork tenderloins - yum! The rooms are modern enough, with a nice shower and good hot water. They make excellent beer as well.
Nice place! On the smaller side for a brewery, but they have a nice selection and good quality brews here. Chill vibe and good customer service. Glad I finally got a chance to visit!
When you walk in you're greeted with a very relaxed atmosphere. They have a pretty large bar and a few big tables to sit down at. As soon as we walked in the bartender (who is a volunteer) came up to our table and asked if we've ever visited and gave recommendations after talking with us and hearing what our tastes were. They offer A LOT more brews there than what they distribute and all of the ones I was able to try were fantastic. They sell growlers of anything except their two guest taps along with other merch and glassware. The only gripe I have is that the tour was incredibly boring and felt like more of a rant by the owner. Skip it!
Amazing store! Stood in line for Heady Topper and Sip of Sunshine. The distribution was organized and flawless. The staff were courteous and helpful, and the line moved amazingly quick. The selection of beer is outstanding. So many rare beers to be found on their shelves!
U Medvídk&#367; is the local pub where the locals seem to hang, which was an encouraging sign. There were some tourists (like everywhere else) but they looked like they stumbled in. As far as I could tell, I was the only one there specifically for the beer.
We hopped on the water taxi which took us most of the way there. This is a beautiful restaurant/brewery with a great view of the harbor. Nice place full of character and a comfortable pub feel. Lots of great craft beers on tap. We tried the Spinnakers Cask ESB which was great as well as the IPA. Good beer and decent food. I enjoyed this stop more than most places in the area. The prices were a bit better as well, although I found all of Victoria quite pricey. If you find yourself in Victoria, it is worth the time to go there. Not a bad walk, bus ride, or water taxi ride to the center of town either.
I see the high marks so many must be neighborhood people who frequent quite a bit and know the people who work here. Upon my 3rd visit and a few purchases each time, I guess I'm still a stranger, but that's okay. I drive a decent way to see places and check out selections, so I would at least expect a little friendliness.
“Richmond is not a walking town” – Ben, on the way here from the hotel. And he’s quite correct. It wasn’t so much that it looked so close on the map but didn’t seem that close in real life walking there, I think it was more that there was lots of up, and then a little down to lure you into the false sense of, oh fuck, more up! Stupid hilly city! Davo nearly defected for an Uber, and Witzel thought we were going somewhere else entirely. Down the hill backwards…
Great place! From the beer, to the food, to the music, to the crowd. It is a favorite spot for my wife and I. Well over 20 taps with an excellent mix of micro brews! Bells, Founders, Great Lakes, Lagunitas, etc. Reasonable prices. Staff is killer. Friendly, fast, and have a really good beer knowledge. Music is great, never know what you are going to hear while there.Only complaint is sometimes the bands are a little to loud, but what can you do its a small bar. Food is great. Dogs and tots...who needs anything else! Not to mention you get to choose from an endless list of toppings. Happy Dog is what a bar is supposed to be.
Overall Piece was a good accidental find in Chicago. Personal 2 topping pizza crispy crust was made well. I would have liked have had more options for session beers to go a loth with it, the sub 6% or 80+ IBU beers were limited to their golden Kolsch. The Kolsch was refreshing and hit the spot, but more variety would have put Piece up a few notches. Recommended if your in the Wicker Park area.
Located in DC's lively Adams-Morgan neighborhood, Smoke and Barrel is a wonderful venue where one can imbibe excellent BBQ and a well-thought array of quality taps - many of them regional. The vibe is comfortable, a narrow room with tables in front with a long rustic-looking bar along the side. There are about 22 taps, several including nearby Aslin and Ocelot breweries, along with a pricey bottle selection along with canned goodness. Of course, they offer a huge variety of bourbons - if you are into this as opposed to quaffing some great beers. The food is outstanding, of course. Not much to add; so check it out for your self. If you are using the city's public transit, get on the L2 bus from either Cleveland Park or Van Ness Metro stations. Incidentally, this bar is just a few steps from Black Squirrel and a short ride from Churchkey.
Stopped in on a brewery hopping trip to Tampa today. In an industral/commerical area (what brewery isn't) that you'd never see without their big signs out front. Neat little spot with some tables and a small bar and a big warehouse with lots of room where they brew the beer and have some games set up. Nice service, pretty quiet when I was there. Decent number of beers on tap. Wasn't impressed with much of the beer, with the exception of the Cinnamon Cocoa Stout, which I thought was absolutely excellent. The rest was between poor and mediocre. But they're new so maybe they'll pick some things up. Stop by if you're at Rapp, since it's just down the street. Not really worth going out of your way for, though.
It has a pretty sizable bar and a lot of table room. I didn't see it, but understand there's a couple levels to this place. About average atmosphere for a metropolitan bar. Ball game on, packed with hipsters, decent music playing in the backround. 