The vibe and food is what makes this place good for me.
First time in Omaha and spent a few days there.
The center island has the growler section and checkout.
Sort of close to the Biltmore, so that's a pain certain times of year
In fact, Jeremy was sitting there with a couple of friends (read honey honeys) as I entered.
and I had more experiences there to write up a review for CT's newest craft beer bar.
I ordered some of their prince edward sound mussels steamed in white wine and bleu cheese.
Wouldnt normally want to return, but know they are gooderer than that day.
The tap list is impressive with a rotating tap of hard to find belgian beers.
when you're here, you'll see lots of fake-blonde MILF's, preppy golfer dudes and hot single women of all ages, but mostly older.
I'm usually not a big fan of onion rings, but the beer-battered rings and dipping sauce are fabulous.
For people who are from "away", you will likely find some beer that you do not get in MA/CT/NY, etc.
There were families and kids present in the dining area.
As you pull up to the place, its rather unassuming.
When entering there's always a buzz and energy from the happy patrons.
This place is a really awesome venue/bar/bottle shop!
But don't let the parking situation get to yuor head, as you will be greatly rewarded.
A group of us swung through here on a Saturday night for a few rounds of beers.
Great hippy food selection, possibly the worlds best fries, and a great selection of super fresh brewed in house beers, with samples flowing freely.
the 30 taps are al local craft beer to MO, although St Louis was all i noticed.
Went with my girlfriend and another couple.
so the fact that this place is an Irish Pub means nothing except for the decor
I also found it to be better than West Lakeview in terms of quantity and quality of the beer available.
Went to Equinox after eating at Coopersmith's just as I was advised.
Transcribed from notes dated W, 05 Aug 2009.
Not the biggest I've seen but nearly every beer on the list was admirable.
Chock full of history, the dining areas, dance floor and upstairs boast ample space for eating, dancing and just plain hanging out.
Service was fast (both food and bar) and bartenders seemed knowledgeable of the products and only slightly apathetic.
Not what I'd necessarily call a "beer-lover's paradise," but it still had some good options, better food menu, casual dining atmosphere, friendly staff...
so I thought what a great opportunity to check the place out.
Good food great atmosphere and hand crafted beers make it hard not to enjoy the experience.
There is a pretty good selection of quality craft beer from around the country.
30 craft beers on tap with approximately 1/2 from up and coming DFW breweries.
My only complaint, which is minuscule, is the staff seemed unaware of the Craft Club loyalty program which is on the website.
the bar is tiny, just a handful of seats there and around the tiny taproom, with a real working brewery feel, equipment visible in the back.
My hats off to the Miller's for stepping out and accomplishing this feat - and not only accomplishing it, but knocking it out of the park.
Didn't notice what they had in bottles, but supposedly they have a few.
As Matt, the owner/brewer says: "Our beers are unfiltered, that's what your liver is for."
This is a nice place to find good beer and good pizza under one roof.
and the sales clerk said he thought there was one in the back and grabbed one for me to buy.
but, You always have a special love for your first spot.
The food menu is not large but the appetizer and pizza we had were both good.
Beers are always top quality; usually an interesting, if limited variety of styles;
Will definitely come back when in Boulder.
A small mom and pop liquor next to several other adjacent businesses.
This place seems a bit under the radar, and that should not be the case.
My favorite place to go for a beer in my hometown.
Beer purchases are self serve, and you pay by the ounce.
Large, loud but with sufficient space to handle a very large crowd.
I think he’d be proud of the fine beer now served here.
Prices on some of the pours were a little high.
A large 12 seat bar and tables inside as well as outside.
So the tap line-up was still pretty solid and was augmented by some interesting bottles listed on the blackboard over the bar.
Would hang out here if I lived in Houston
Fun urban vibe with killer happy hour ($3 house pints)!
I picked up a triple IPA with my burger which was also great as well.
So again, its more about the food than the beer, but its a nice bonus that you can have a good, local beer while you are eating some sort of decadent, doughnut monstrosity.
Stopped in for a quick early dinner on a weekday shortly after opening, chatted with the bartender and was promptly seated outside.
Definitely seemed like one of the "places to be" as there were a fair amount of people dressed to hit the clubs.
Anyway, the Porterhouse Brewing Company was listed in Beer Advocate, so I decided to seek it out.
This was stop #9 for my wife and I on a 9-day East Coast pub crawl and a family visit.
Perfect spot to grab beers before an Astros, Rockets or Dynamo game.
The tasting room is large and the bar long.
Went here this past winter while visiting Munich.
Beer is amazing, they do not release bad beer in my experience ever.
My wife and I went to Brussels on a "beer trip" that she gifted me for Christmas last year.
There's a small bar area, as well as a few seats and tables in the middle of the space.
vibe is cool inside, great music, low lighting, some outside seating too.
Stopped by here on my way back to my hotel from Norrebro Bryghus.
My lady and I celebrated my 33rd birthday here without mentioning it and were treated like I did.
They have a really good selection and I left with so much great stuff I probably damaged the suspension on our mini-van.
The server was very knowledgeable about the beers and very helpful.
the food was nice, homemade sausage plate, very tasty, rest of the menu looked solid as well, and the beer pretzels were amazing!
it looks like you are supposed to order beer from.
If you want a big brewery with a ton of space, a rooftop bar and plenty of styles, this is for you.
The bar gets crowed at times but moves at a decent enough pace.
I could see this being fun with live music or something, but something was also missing from the vibe,
The pizza side can get quite loud, and is more cozy than the other side.
They take the idea of a father's space seriously.
I son split the burger and fries, my wife had the tacos all well priced and tasty.
While they are limited to only five taps, they more than make up for this with their large selection of quality, craft, bottle selections.
we got a couple beers and went out to their patio, which looks like it occasionally pops off, but when we were there we had it to ourselves.
Used to have one side for under 6.2% ABV and the other side for over 6.2% ABV with separate check outs due to old liquor laws.
Overall this is a really nice, informal place you could go to at any time of day or day of the week and feel at home.
First look was in the realm of "is this the place".
There are many bars with a better selection in Philly, but in Buffalo this place is the champ.
and I love that you can enjoy 4oz pours of anything without any hassle whatsoever.
Good and knowledgeable staff help to compensate for a place that thrives off of perceived obscurity.
So this place was a bit of a pain in the ass to get too.
A few Shipyards, Geary's and other locals, and my first encounter with Maine Beer Company Peeper ale.
and yes, as others have noted, at least in the summer time, this place gets quite the tourista crowd.
Its right near the Brick Store Pub which typically is so packed there is a long wait for a table
Our main courses were Mussels is a leek white beer cream sauce that would make you want to slap your mother and a salmon cooked in white beer.
I am from Michigan and my daughter goes to college in Chicago.
10 seat bar, a few booths in the back and 6-8 tables in front.
Prices were a bit high but being downtown in the city they are probably prety much in line with things these days.
/bartender what the Eleventh Commandment is.
It is a college town bottle shop and on the weekends it gets a little wild with the kid trying to get cases of cheep beer and bottles.
Food prices were decent but I was surprised that beers were $5.
The store is very small but takes advantage of every square inch.
This place is a hidden gem, especially for the college students in the area.
The cigar selection is amazing and cheap, and they also carry every other type of liquor and wine.
Who doesn't love a movie with a nice pint of beer?
Overall not a bad stop if you are in a bind.
I've been there a few times, and it always seems to be a bit crowded, which can be a bit off-putting if I'm trying to just sit and enjoy a few beers.
This is one of the original breweries to pop up before "Yeast Van" started to catch fire and they are still one of my favourite.
Not a great bar, but a good one, and worth stopping as part of a pub crawl of all the great bars in the area, all within walking distance.
There are many great places in Calgary, but this is my favorite.
These guys churn out a decent amount of beer and exclusively market them in their 4-5 restaurants throughout the greater Baltimore area.
The IPA's were simple, but decent for the style, but the rest were either lacking character or had a lot of characters I don't expect in my beer.
Then go elsewhere for the harder to find stuff.
The tap list was only five beers which also included Great Lakes Conway's Irish, JP Madruga Obscura, Stella, and I don't remember the final option.
I was flying solo, and while I could easily handle something like that, I had to drive, so that was just out.
(I hate that phrase, but I think it will help you get the picture of who is there late at night), then its a different story.
Older men tended to sit along the bar alone, but I sat at a table each time even when I was unaccompanied.
This results in what can only be described as a "dynamic" atmosphere.
Most definitely one of the best patios in the city.
My brother in law suggested Warehouse Beverage when I was trying to find Stone's limited release, Lukcy Basartd.
That being said it is a really comfortable neighborhood feel.
There are only a few, but still too many televisions for my taste.
or they get some good contracts because this place won't be around long if they don't.
Cool place, delicious beers, good service, beer garden, food trucks!
It has the same low ceilings, wooden floors and walls and Irish bric-a-brac and signage that adorns the other half.
The Orange Blossom Trail location is my Go-To bottle shop.
Food was good...best mac and cheese i have ever tasted.
The service was the only area where this place was lacking, but even so it wasn't too bad.
This looked like a "hole in the wall" at first
You wouldn't know it from the outside, but this place has one of the best beer selections in town.
This store is a little fr from home for me, but is always worth the drive.
Lots of great events throughout the year, and a friendly chill atmosphere.
they had a pistachio beer that was amazing, a really good series of kettle sours, and wheated stout with coffee that was my favorite.
Their motto might as well be ‘Come here for the service, stay for the service’… because the food wasn’t cutting it and the beers are nothing to get excited about.
They also had Rayon Vert pretty much the day after it was officially released.
Stopped here randomly on a recent trip to Kalamazoo.
My new go-to place for beer in Washington, DC--I'll be back whenever I'm back, so to speak.
I've had four of their beers now, over a several month span and in various places, and they just aren't doing it for me.
n't so the lady said go next door to Au Bon Vieux Temps, they have it.
If only I lived closer to the Amsterdam Cafe; if only.
That little burger with no sides for $13 is ridiculous.
Stopped by on my way through for the KBS release party at Founders.
There's a horseshoe shaped bar area as you walk up the short stairs in from the street, with the dining area spread out all around, back from the bar.
I was pretty sure it was going to be good.
The food makes this a worthy destination spot for any foodies in your midst.
They also have a great variety of quality guest brews on tap.
Granted, I think the list was a little limited because the expansion was taking away from brewing time, but the selection was pretty impressive with a wide range of styles.
it was awesome, but their other beers were quite good as well, a range of basic styles done well and more ambitious beers, even a barrel aged offering.
The beer garden is outside with all the brews you'll find at the store/bar with a few test batches and other brews you'll only get there.
There's still some macro stuff on tap for those that want it (6 out of 27 taps), but there's also plenty of craft offerings here.
The other dishes ordered were fish and chips which was said to be delicious and chili cheese fries also delicious.
you get a lot more than I would have guessed.
A bit out of the way but worth seeking out.
While still heavier on the California selection (for obvious reasons), they still boast one of the more regionally diverse selections.
Bottles were served in baskets accompanied with barley malt to nibble on.
Nice and new looking building in "downtown" Cedar Springs.
low lighting, 7 beers on tap and one on cask.
Beautiful place with several levels of the view of this converted church.
the bar are a few shelves with t-shirt and bottles for sale.
However, it was .10 miles away from the Refinery (must go) where we were having dinner
I have been there a number of times for just beer, for dinner and for lunch.
I like the Wickenden Street Pub for many reasons.
Huge cooler selection and although this is BEER advocate they have an impressive wine selection for your other half's.
and this was a highlight of our trip (which included several brewery and bar destinations.)
my favorite pizza place is also a great place to enjoy some great taps.
Yardbird sandwhich and a beer is a great end to the work week :)
but there were 30 taps with some other interesting beers including some local beers.
They just happened to have two years of their stellar BA Miller's Toll as well as rum & vanilla variants.
It wasn't as noisy as you might expect, quite pleasant actually.
I went with an all spicy dog, anything and everything hot.
This is a must if you love beer or are even new into the craft beer scene.
We didn't feel like handing over our money to a pub that had ousted us like that.
The service at the bar was, for me, horrible.
Id go back for the beer or to try one of the hot dogs.
Remind me to tell you sometime how I met T & P a dozen years ago at Cambridge Brewing following the first AOBF…
The vibe is on the verge of yuppie, but with enough chilled-out-WTF sense of humor to make it enjoyable.
Best beer selection in Vermont hands down.
Go to the taproom if you're just looking for beer.
I will be visiting soon if I do find my self travelling to the Bronx again.
The premises is small long and narrow with a bar in the centre.
They have daily pint specials and rotate your more well
Sun King does a nice job of getting you in, getting tastes, filling a growler, buying some merch, and getting out.
The open air front made for a great afternoon of sitting and enjoying a beer.
They also have an ever growing number of taps, most all of which have the best from the local breweries, which is great to have!
Nice place to stop for food and beer when in the area.
I thought Brussels had the monopoly on the best bars down alleys, but London is catching up fast in my estimation.
Well we walked down the block to Standard Tap after waiting a while at North Bowl.
We were staying in Fulham and this became the place we would normally stop at on the way home from other crawls
The St. James Tavern is located on the brink of a not-very-nice section of Columbus, not too far from dowtown on the corner of 4th and Detroit (if that tells you anything).
The selection is astronomical and I love the fact they have a beer list to keep and check off which beers you have tried and write personal notes.
I bought more because I was intrigued by Danny's
The crowd was lively for a Tuesday night (it was Happy Hour).
They experiment with different styles of beer and come up with some really nice brew.
Had a sampler tray where you get to pick 6 beers.
Overall, this is a great place to enjoy before, during or after a ballgame or, for that matter, any time.
The service was cool, socialized with just about everyone at the bar in one way or another.
Although a different experience than I had anticipated, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Birch Hill is tucked away in a shopping plaza.
Ate on the left side (the pub) - the dining room feels a little stuffy (agree that the TV on that side seems out of place).
So many great beer places are packed into downtown Madison.
They have about 20 beers on tap and a bottle list that was probably another 20 or so beers deep.
close to 95 South makes it tempting to pull over and pick up a case when I know the commute will go to heck in about 3 miles...
In my opinion its worth coming here just for the Wasabi beer.
Was pretty busy on the Sunday I was kidnapped by friends to get out of my normal bubble.
The owner Minh (sp.) is super knowledgeable concerning beer, especially the rarities and oddballs.
Add the beer and scotch selection to the food menu, and that's how I rated it so high.
Yes, a lot of the prices here are basically criminal; I'd say at least a 10% markup on already high city shop prices.
I've only had draft selections, and they carry some standard import favorites of mine (Belhaven and Fuller's Porter).
Anyways, check it out if you find yourself in northern liberties.
Nice brick exterior and look to the place, a gem for the area.
Foods always been great, and service friendly.
NWIPA is very low key and laid back, and it was smaller than I was expecting (despite the fairly large, open area in the back).
The place had a nice atmosphere, as the fresh air passed in from the outside as well as light from the California sun.
I can't say enough good things about this biergarten.
We got to talk to Derrick, the brewmaster/owner, and had a great time.
Looking forward to going back once things more closely resemble normal.
I hadn't visited City Beverage in several years, but when I returned recently it was even better than I remembered (and I remembered it as a great place!)
You have a great mixture of dark and light, lagers and ales, hoppy, sour, and farmhouse.
Humble yet formidable, blessedly untrendy temple of the Tart Arts.
Throughout all of the art that I saw at the many McMenamins locations I visited on my last trip to Portland, the one that adorns
Entrees are a tad on the pricy side for what they are, but again, not bad and very tasty.
The place was smaller than my expectation yet quite selections.
None of that rubbish for me thank you very much.
Dim lighting and craft posters line the walls.
I wish the drafts rotated a bit more, but it’s hard to complain about 50 drafts.
Stopped by Midtown while in Nashville for work.
Pipeworks, Grimm, Greenpoint, Singlecut, and more.
Ok, first of all, if you are going to visit, this is not just a brewery - it is a "destination".
Again, this is more of a wine shop (hence the name).
Once in a while they rolled a new keg from the backroom to the serving area.
I noted they had a lot of special events on their calendar, looks like a fun place.
Beers are forever changing and they get such rare beers!
The service was very good with the waitress coming over many times checking up on us.
solid raw oysters, but the daily selection when we were in did not blow me away.
I strongly advise you not to visit this place.
Went on a Sunday and the kitchen wasn't open; had to get food from a food truck parked outside.
The birds were fearless, taking morsels of bread right out of our hands!
I had a chance to talk with him before a crowd started building for the tasting started and the guy knows his stuff.
Located in a newer large condo building in a strip of shops on the ground floor.
Customer service as outstanding, and what you'd expect when visiting a high-quality brewery.
The bar has LCD screens with football games and they have a full assortment of liquor.
Nestled amongst the various shops and trendy bars on Garnet is The Tap Room, with, well, a ton of taps!
For the party a pretty sick list, the regular list is average.
They seem to make everyone from tragic hipster to seasoned BA feel welcome.
The bar is smallish, as only about 8-10 people can sit there.
Knowledgable people behind the bar, especially Jeff who can sit and talk craft beer with until someone wants another beer.
Most importantly they had Sun King on tap and in the can which is a big plus for me.
Not sure if this place is listed quite correctly in BeerFly...
They always do a great job with their beer and there is always a good selection.
Upstairs, there's a bar that has an old school brasserie feel to it.
There isn't a bar in north america who could pull this off and not pass off as either tacky or pretentious.
The crowd when I visited after work was mostly younger, and it appeared to be a mix of hard-core beer nerds and after-work people just hanging out with friends.
Place has about as many different taps as anywhere in the French Quarter.
Went out of his way to give me a beer I was seeking out.
you tip ahead of time (or take your chances of not tipping and see how slow they are).
There were 12 beers on tap when I visited, including one nitro tap.
Lots of 90+ rated beers both US and abroad.
They have a wide variety of beers on tap, but they don't do a whole lot of seasonal rotation, so the list tends to stay pretty much the same.
On the whole I enjoyed the feel of the place, nice old style location where you could hang out all night long.
Their tasting room is always packed so get there early or grab a growler to go.
I think this is a place where they expect you to know what you're doing.
I heard about Galco's from a PBS show called "California's Gold" long time ago mainly for their soda collection.
Beers broken into 3 groups - IPAs; Saisons and Sours.
Wasn't sure walking into this building that I was going to like the taproom.
Easy to find as this is located on Fremont Street in the pedestrian zone next to the Heart Attack Grill.
In the meantime while we continued waiting we watched some meathead employee do a beer bong behind the bar.
I will be back because their beer is good, but I hope they don't become a snobby brewery, with classless service.
On the first trip the bartender seemed kind of pissed when I was asking him for recommendations and refused to give me a taste of one of the beers an then changed his mind.
so it was comfortably quiet and laid back just as I like it.
Opened in May 2015 and has gotten exponentially more appealing since.
Decent enough selection-the usual Irish suspects, Sierra Nevada Pale and Resurrection Ale from the Brewer's Art up the road that was just stellar.
Just prior to hopleaf I stopped by a modestly impressive bottle shop located nearby (unsure of the name, same intersection)
So have a beer and a drink with your sandwich.
The giant ceiling they have is over the food/beer tables next to the tiny stage where not so bad music is played.
Monks has an incredible selection with Russian River (particularly Blind Pig and Pliny the Elder) regularly on tap.
snow covered long walk thru the closed beer garden to a bavarian beauty.
what way, okay, hey, grain silo, a clue, a clue!
Service was very slow with people arriving after us getting their order taken before we got drinks.
The place is close to Denver's Central Business District and its always crowded with a mostly younger crowd.
A hefe and a few other IPAs rounded out the selection...
Really appreciate their sourcing of the meats they get.
About 15 taps, including (at the time of my visit):
The Bier Stein is a cool place to grab some great beers (also hard to find beers) and food.
First place I've seen with Lost Abbey stuff, was not about to pay the price for it, but I found that intriguing none the less.
the beer selection was top notch and the food was excellent.
Interior is a mix of reclaimed wood and metals, nice feel.
and you can order either flights or full pours.
You have the option to sit at the bar, dine indoors, dine indoors up in the loft area, dine outdoors on the patio, or have drinks out on the terrace.
Very laid back and comfy, with a good sized bar and plenty of dining seating available.
He walked me through case by case with all of his recommendations which I lead him down my hop head ways.
Wood bar, terrazo floor, 24 taps with one root beer.
Stopped here for a later dinner (7:30) in between working all day and into the night... fun stuff.
It's literally right around the corner from where I live and has quite the history.
It is a good place to get wings (they are the best) and get a great beer in Chandler and the beer selection is fantastic (the IPA has a bold Citrus taste).
However there is more than enough to choose from and some great stuff to try.
Clinton Gourmet is very much a grocery store, with everything that entails as far as vibe and service goes.
Worth a stop by if you are in the Rochester Area.
Still a pretty low key vibe, especially given that we had just come from Le Trappiste.
i love the low light, the homey floor plan, the warm heat and the smell of the wood, its perfect in the winter time, really gets me in the holiday spirit!
The selection wasn't too bad but nothing too exciting in my opinion.
Had about 5 or 6 bottle shops mapped out to visit in Denver last weekend when we went to GABF for goodies to bring home.
A lot of good stuff on tap, primarily local brews, as well as house brews, with half-size pour and sampler options giving you a good chance to try more.
for now, still way cool and definitely worth a visit.
The selection was impressive, lots of beers to choose from.
The one and only negative is the location in relationship to the rest of the city.
The pub is in the basement, the lighting is so low it's nearly pitch black, takes some time for your eyes to adjust.
But I can't believe the quality of food at this place.
Just outside the city center but close to the New Town Brewpub and U Fleku.
Every week, I visit Joe and ask him what new IPAs to try.
Your name is remembered and she's always happy to see you.
this place is right on the mark for BA's.
I had actually driven past it a week earlier and stopped in later that day to scope out the selection.
We drove around the streets for 15 minutes at least before finally coming on an open spot on the street about a half mile away.
Great draft list, college bar atmosphere.
They have plenty of craft beer decorations and such and the tables are really clean and the lighting is just right.
Where else can you drink a Pabst Smear (can of Pabst and a cheap shot) while sitting on a hommock made for two.
In the summer they have an outdoor patio, which is really just picnic tables on the sidewalk.
Exposed rafters and lots of dark wood and stainless steel.
Yes, are you tired of people bringing their annoying kids to breweries?
Decent single selection which are marked down alot of the times.
There are two outdoor patios--the one outside the bar (with the nicest awning) unfortunately allows smoking.
Hadn't had one before and sadly haven't had one since.
but I have found better and given the service I will not shop here again.
Food from next door OK, food trucks pending.
Cool old school pub type atmosphere; dimly lit, not fancy.
If you like classic American style ales, Odell is the best brewery for that in Colorado.
Average tap price was about $3.50, with the option of purchasing pitchers.
Most importantly, the Allagash was fantastic.
Windows in one corner look into the brew area.
and because of that, i will come again, and again.
We usually hit this place up after we close out the rock gym down the street
From what I was able to gather the bottle list was good, but extremely expensive.
Servers are hard to come across sometimes as they are slammed at the bar.
The bar is hidden and will only survive by word of mouth and based on what happened to me, they will never get positive results.
I did have a good time while I was there and the staff was friendly.
By some odd coincidence, I am writing with a Cafe Amsterdam pen today as I work to transcribe all of my notes.
The best $10 you can spend for an outstanding date night!
The only negatives is there a a lo fo young college aged people so sometimes the music is too loud.
Theres always something any beer person would like to drink here, period.
I have been putting off reviewing Slows for some time now.
Beer & Vine brings a clean, desirable beer shop for the locals and out of towners alike.
Good little selection of beers and games to play in the taproom.
Once seated, though, my only complaint is they were out of some of the beers - fortunately they have enough selection that it didn't matter.
I would say that it is totally worth stopping in here to sample some of their offerings or just to grab a bite to eat.
I did a sampler at each location and substituted standard lagers, lights, and kolsch's for something hoppy or seasonal.
Went here with a buddy to see The Menzingers.
As for the beer selection, I think they had on around 10 or 12 of their own beers, and then 25 or so guest beers as well.
The chick behind the bar was rather aloof and humorless as was her equally young, muscle bound (and damn proud of it) colleague who came in later.
The actual bar is downstairs with several additional seats.
Not a place to go out of your way to visit, but if you're ever in Wilmington for business or pleasure its worth seeking out...
but the food looked good but just standard pub food worth a visit but green man brews are on tap elsewhere as are there guest taps just an OK place IMO
Went back last night with my girlfriend for dinner.
Cool little high end market with small but interesting offerings of beer, wine, booze, food etc.
However, this should not be a knock on the Saucer, as they do offer great ambiance, a wide selection of beer, and a friendly staff.
there is no reason to pay shipping costs to an online store, when I can get everything I need from a competent, locally-owned business.
Went for dinner and brews with some (Mormon) friends who live in LA as I was passing through.
Teller's is a better restaurant than a bar.
Had a few beers while waiting, they had Central Waters Space Ghost
The German Purity law makes it challenging to have beer that stands out.
but he wasn't Mr. Beer Guy anxious to share his outstanding selection of quality brews.
Aside from that, the place is small, but feels very open.
Reminds me of the other, more seedy feeling, bars I frequent in my area.
It is a great place; 12 taps, representing a wide variety of styles, plus guest cider and wine.
The food was expensive and overly salted.
Large bar area with a seperate dining room and a large patio.
This is my go-to liquor store in Las Vegas.
They're slightly heavier on Belgian ales than others but have a broader selection than I expected.
The place was somewhat quiet around eight, but by nine the enthusiastic crowd had grown.
It's located in the King William district, a cool neighborhood with many good restaurants and drinking establishments.
To me the prices don't seem to be any higher than the average bar around here.
Decent food, and I think pretty good service (but you have to keep in mind to a certain extent you bring the service to you, so if you're nice and friendly
I split a bottle of Chimay Red with my roommate, which was fantastic as always, though a little pricey.
I haven't been able to get enough of this place since it opened.
We went to the bar to get beer and see if something would open up.
Not a great selection of bottle and on tap, waiters aren't really friendly and there are better bars or store to visit in the city.
The new brewery is nice and so are the people there, but only go if you're a fan of the big breweries.
its located on the upstairs of this building that has huge windows and over looks the beach.
There are no waiters and waitresses so everything is ordered the at the bar.
i expect these guys will do well, seems the beers are off to a great start.
The service isn't always the best, but the servers are always friendly, as are the bartenders.
Most of their roughly 12 taps are Pub Brewskey with some guests.
Service was great, the crowd was fun, but it definitely is not a beer geek only place.
Freetail Brewing Co. You will have a hard time making a decision from the huge selection.
The prices are excellent, better than Wegman's in most cases.
They rotate this selection regularly, but they always have 5-10 great choices.
I like girls in short skirts and, perhaps more objectively, the plates on the wall honoring regulars makes for a fun feel.
The atmosphere is lacking simply because of the crowd that typically comes here, especially during soccer games.
The Answer is a big space right next to Mekong (presumably the owners of the latter own the former as well).
Sounds like an easy formula but many fail where Urge delivers.
A long shelving unit, also loaded with beer, bombers and 750s mostly, creates the aisle.
I was also offered samples of two other beers that I asked about.
Place is always crowded and loud and they never get our bill right (to my benefit).
We chatted for a minute, and off I went to the airport.
Service was good, they answered a few wine questions for my wife.
An open bar upstairs with lots of seating a good selection of American taps both local and regional we chose to sit downstairs where they serve Belgian sours and barrel
Decent selection of food and of course a good selection of beers.
This place had plenty of seating downstairs.
everything on the menu is delicious, especially the piedmontese beef burgers and scotch eggs.
The closet o' proper glassware is visible when you walk in.
The BBQ pulled pork sandwich was all right.
Lots of empty tables with 'Reserved' signs on them
How times have changed: now it's a condo building with a Chase and a Whole Foods as its foundation.
We had the fantastic quiche for brunch almost too many times to admit, and snacked on the charcuterie as well.
The seating is very limited and reservations are needed (or strongly wanted my management).
As with any place there will be pros and cons.
The best part about The Nook, isnt even The Nook istelf.
The change between the two has been truly impressive.
We ordered Paulaner Hefeweizen, Rogue Hazelnut, and Guinness on tap.
This is super expensive tap water, cheap but worth less than budweiser in my opinion.
I have to recommend the Caesar salad, if only because it contains a single large crouton that is often so spicy
Some funky wallpaper one one wall as well.
I would say their pricing is on par with wades wines.
Nice family restaurant and easy to grab a drink or two, but
The tasting room is large enough to host a solid amount of people.
Took about an hour to an hour and a half to get a seat.
Profits from beer sales help to build schools around the world.
A bit obnoxious on the decor, but expected for a craft beer spot on a college campus.
My personal favorite is "hop on" which is much more hoppy than the IPA.
looks like they have some bombers out now too... very cool
I like dark, divey type bars and this fits the bill.
if you go get here early or be prepared to walk a distance, or drive in a circle for a while.
Once in though you order your food, find a table and get served your food in short order.
I was from out of town, so I asked about local beers and was steered to a couple of 90+ point IPAs and Imperial IPAs (after he asked if I liked hops).
Further on is the bowling alley with about 6-8 lanes.
and it's definitely the kind of place you want to hang out in.
What can I say its not much of a beer bar but it is a wonderful place to grab a local brew and have an awesome meal.
, didn't blow my socks off, but i've had a lot of burgers in my life.
I cannot find that anywhere, I had never even seen a bottle of it before.
the best graffitti in the entire world, but alas, they've cleaned that up as well.
Free tour which was nice for novices and beer snobs alike.
Basic hot dogs and fries food, everything reasonably priced.
But they're doing the Allagash cask event at that frog place and it doesn't kick in until 6, so I'm iffy.
but this is your industrial strength sports bar restaurant and the atmosphere
This is my go-to package store in my home town, I don't go anywhere else.
If you make fast decisions, then be prepared to wait a bit.
Went through the place to check out the " micro" brewery upstairs.
Stopped in shortly after crossing the border on a recent trip to see a Tigers game.
Sure, it's just standard restaurant/bar & grill food, but it was actually very well done.
Several years ago this was the premier bottle shop in the PDX area, however in the more recent years there have been many new bottle shops popping up that are just better.
They brew a lot of different beers and variations of their beers.
I try and swing by here whenever I'm up in San Francisco.
They have an incredible selection of their own, plus many other craft brews.
Every beer I tasted was right on for style, but also with a little house character thrown in, and they were all clean and very well made.
They deliver in Boston and have a minimum order of $100, so I'll probably do that sometime soon.
A very large place opens up after walking up a long flight of stairs.
and I stuck with the IPA and Oatmeal Stout, the 2 beers that were of interest.
They also have a fine pizza selection on their menu.
The owner was there, seemed nice but pretty busy to really talk a ton to.
the imperial maple porter was the beer of the day, hands down, but all were tasty and interesting, and the vibe in here was as good as the beer.
Complete false advertising even after being called out they continue to advertise this deal.
The bartender is from Tehran, the server is from Addis Ababa and the cook is from the Caribbean.
Went for the Surly Darkness release party.
My co-worker ordered a pizza with shrimp and andouille sausage.
i wish i lived closer, this will be a fun one to watch as they progress.
that's older than the country you're from, this is the one.
Located in an industrial part of town similar to about 90% of the other breweries I have visited with plenty of parking.
The menu does have a number of multiperson meals which looked interesting but weren't quite right for a guy flying solo.
We sat outside in the patio area as the day was perfect and the sun was just setting.
HUB has definitely incorporated its urban aesthetic inside with all manner of industrial touches.
I've always heard good things about it, here on BA and other places.
As the name implies, this larger place looks like and feels like a supermarket...
Oddwood Ales is a very cozy and relaxed local bar with great pilsner & funky farmhouse offerings.
The building itself is really pretty inside, and literally sitting in the middle of a brewery adds something to the whole experience.
the service was solid, the ambiance inviting, and for being in new york, it didnt feel expensive, especially compared to some other breweries we hit.
Typical depanneur from the outside - some beer signs and specials.
Easily found on the square called Burg in central Brugge.
Parking was abundant in relation to being in south Philly.
The Badgers were winning so the crowd was into it.
Their beer and food are both good quality and they give you a good value for your money.
The beer is good, the selection is solid, The menu is reasonable.
While typically rather reliable and recommendable, on this visit it was rather unorganized and a bit disappointing around some of the beer offerings.
Offshore Ale, Thomas Hooker, 3 Floyds, Wyerbacher, Anderson Valley and Dogfish Head are among the small but rapidly growing selection of craft beers.
The high ceilings offered poor acoustics and caused every voice to echo.
It has an old, dark wood bar which wraps around the entire front of the pub.
Need bigger better kitchen (almost done we hear) .
I would say around 20 taps on hand with some very solid offerings.
The place is huge, with plenty of seating.
Try going there on the first friday of the month, the brewery is located in the art district and theres tons of stuff going on around there.
The tasting room is opening in approx 2 weeks but love the initiative of this brewery.
Stopped by on a recent business trip to Greensboro on the recommendation of a local.
The D.C. is definitely a love/hate place.
Convenient to the MARTA E6 stop, and only a short walk from Brick Store Pub to boot.
They had six rotating taps that were all unique tap offerings.
A group of 8 of us tried to get a table on a Thursday night around 7pm.
Was not loud or crazy, but I could see how it would get quite lively on a good night.
Beers use lots of local ingredients that they proudly display on the wall.
I really enjoyed my visit here; it is an atmospheric place and fun to visit.
They had a lot of domestic big name beers, but quite honestly I didn't think they had too many microbrews at all.
We sat outside and found it very comfortable.
The meat pies are good and filling, but again not exceptional.
Also hopheads be forwarded... there are no IPAs on the menu!
Per the locale, lots of BMC products, but the selection and diversity is growing.
Beer selection was above average but not immense.
The beer was fantastic and the grounds gorgeous.
Excellent modern industrialist styling on the inside, couch area with projection screen and outdoor area.
whatever was on cask (Maker's something?).
There were about 5-6 varieties of carry out cans
This place is a bit of a drive for me, but I always try to visit every so often.
Many bikes and quite a few families were hanging out on a not too busy day.
My girlfriend and I walked in about 4:30pm on a Friday afternoon.
Worth a visit if one is visiting the museums, as it is not too far afoot.
They only had one beer available in cans this past Saturday, I was told they usually have three-five.
There was outdoor seat where you culd hear the crowd cheering from the stadium.
Smog City is located in an industrial area right behind the Toyota complex in Torrance.
They have a long wood bar w backless stools, and some tables and a bench.
The food is very good, especially the grilled cheese with spinach and bacon.
I ordered based on bartenders suggestion it was the beer the brewery would recommend most.
The service left a little to be desired, the waiter was slow and after we ordered or intiall drinks and food it was like an act of Congress to get him back for refills.
Limited time in Munich, so we made a reservation via the German version of OpenTable (had to register on the German site) for dinner.
The guys behind the bar are very friendly and informative.
There is a lot of inside seating as well as outside seating available.
But I prefer to go past that room and a few steps down to find the secondary bar that hosts a wall of taps.
This review encompasses the online arm of Slowbeer, and is based on approximately 10 orders between $80 - $440 made over the last 2 years.
Not exactly a beer bar, but close enough and an enjoyable place to stop in.
I visited the Great Dane while visiting Madison during for a wedding.
They have an outstanding selection of sours.
I bet it's a fun place to go when more of a crowd is there.
I acutally found it hard to believe that those were the prices.
I am going to re-review this as I have just visited this place for a second time.
The place was really slow so we had the pick of where to sit.
Also now have a few 22 oz. bottles such as 'Decadence'.
This Wetherspoon's pub is very serious about beers and probably has a passionate manager with good cellarmanship.
great outdoor area and a sports bar style set up inside.
First it is an Irish Pub owned by an Englishman, which I found strange.
I will definitely shop there often and bring people there when they come into town.
The way I see it is that if you are reading any reviews on this site and you are in Brugge?
Visited La Cave on a recent trip to Paris.
Unimpressed despite the huge bottle selection, but to be honest just head to some other craft beer pubs instead.
the original is right up the hill from the new one, which they call the mansion.
Generally excellent selection of beers with a good variety of southern California brews.
It had a more quiet and relaxing feel to it, like a true pub.
There's a section dedicated to lambics and sours as well.
Stopped in on saturday afternoon for a couple rounds.
Has an antique polyphon by the door that they'll play ( and like a dumbass I forgot to request) for a donation to a charity.
"if it were any more authentic, you would need a passport"
A cozy niche in Ann Arbor, great if you just want to take a break from the town but still be close to the University.
The knucklehead coworker of mine ordered a Bud, but the other guy has grown to become a craft fan and appreciated the offerings as I did.
All in all, a very well done atmosphere and great service, but average selection.
The rear bar is the most impressive with a beamed roof, wood stove, and cool snugs for private drinking.
12 assorted beers on tap, the one I tried was very nice.
I feel like a lot of beer pubs try and try, but this is the gold standard.
Located in the Shockoe Bottom area, this is a favorite for many lunch-seeking clock-punchers who work downtown.
It was a Tuesday night and there was a 30 minute wait
They have both water and pretzels in help yourself areas.
I liked the fact that one of the cooks found out that an order was not right, cooked something to order and brought it out to the table rather quickly.
Really cool art deco style cafe located not far from Grande Place.
I always stop here when I'm in the area and have really enjoyed the variety and quality of the offerings.
There's two reasons you should go to this pub.
where were actually about 8 oz pour tasters, making that a deal at about $3.50 for two 16 oz pints.
but it was a low priority; however, I decided to make a stop based on the recommendation of Werner from Oud Beersel and the Lambic Discovery Center.
a sign at the register informs all of the rules.
They will not sell to you unless you are over 25 on ID.
I got the last 2 120 minutes which I've never been able to find!
Good gawd people, do a BETTER job of cleaning the chemicals out of your glasses!!!
The vibe is not as comfortable as other beer shops as the layout of the place
One of use would stay awake to watch our stuff while the other slept.
I was disappointed to find out that they serve wine and liquor
V-Grapevine is a larger store (though not mega store a la Davidson's or Total Wine) on the eastern side of Denver.
6 beers available and sandwiches and pizzas to chose from.
They serve burritos, nachos, quesadillas; with beef, chicken, and some killer Jerk tofu, and they have a salsa of the month.
The beers served with the meal are tasters only, but you can have a few beers, from the list of 60 or so, after the meal as well.
The owner and wife both work behind the bar with a few other waitresses and everyone is friendly.
Atmosphere: Seemed lively and relaxed, a bit smokey, with lots of TV's and a good crowd.
Selection of beer list was good - lots of different styles.
dark wood and a brass bar, an old english feel to it, dim lighting and a fireplace with comfy couches.
Cool dudes offering great service, definitely worth checking out.
An authentic German eatery dating back to the 1800s.
Pliny was just chillin' on the floor in a box which made me laugh.
, I was nice and didn't start whining about sitting around for 10 minutes with nobody coming to our table.
, I got a pastrami wrap and it was awesome.
the service at Le Sous Bock being "not good".
Nice generous portions of hearty fare like shepards pie and bangors and mash,lamb stew is also quite good.
I like this soft lighting which sets a tone of sorts.
Apparently it's also the original, at least I get that impression.
The free glass and keychain were appreciated bonuses.
Very nice building; it's brand-new and very well done.
so it's a good place to go to meet up with friends for cheap food and beer, to play a game of pool, or to watch a game.
If you're expecting this to be like their Bistro or any type of restaurant environment, you are sadly mistaken.
Great looking setup with no food , but plenty of table space and menu's from the Local Eats.
Not really sure what the strategy is there.
The Tap and Handle is a former travel agency converted to a bar.
Until I can get Burn Em in Ohio, I'll keep coming back.
The bar area is small and same area where they have merchandise and already filled growlers to go.
A half-dozen tables are present in nice weather outside the old half-timbered edifice, and inside are a series of different dining rooms.
I plan on returning here, and I recommend you give this a try as well.
Other taps that I remember were Brooklyn Lager, Lagunitas Censored, Allagash Double, Farmington River, Flying Dog Porter(?), Long Trail, Hooker Irish, High and Mighty...
and they only occasionally catch it and mark it down.
This is one of 3 breweries that are in very close proximity to me and it has become my primary.
Staff this friendly, knowledgeable and giving of their time, attract what matters 2nd most to me - a great mix of people.
but we were never sure who are waitress was while eating and drinking.
On a recent trip into Cleavland stopped at Rozi's.
Eventide's beer selection isn't all that special, they make decent beers but nothing that would really draw in much hype.
Located a block or two from the cathedral, along the main downtown drag, Bier Markt is an Ontario chain come to rest in Montreal.
They fill growlers and have bottles to go.
Quite busy when we went on a Friday night
So brand spanking new that the paint still seems a little wet.
Inside, it's a large beer hall, with a large beer garden in the back.
After going to lunch down the street at Hibernian, and being highly disappointed in the selection, I figured this place couldnt be any worse.
Read some of the BA reviews and had to visit.
If You do not have one it is very difficult to get in.
and I saw a sign saying "Best Beer Selection in Town" on the outside.
The beers were all good, but because I was there the week before their 1 year anniversary, the selection was small (they were putting on rare stuff that weekend).
I like the Raspberry Wheat (shut up) and the Amber.
That's a nitpick, but one worth mentioning.
I came in on a sat morning at 8:25am picking up brew day supplies with my kid and spent 45mins browsing and talking to the owners.
Service was very good with back bar server (a homebrewer too) chatting it up with me about barrel aging home brews.
Swung through here with JLindros on a trip to Portland.
Selection was a little picked over, they had all of their typical beers on but nothing overly rare.
However it's almost all Canuck micros and premium imports.
I visited Doan's last weekend while checking out a number of breweries in the area.
I don't know why these places bother putting smoke eaters in when they will not pay to maintain them and they quit working after about a year.
My mother treated my fiancee and me to dinner here on a Saturday night during a visit to Portland in October.
The patio is flanked by a wall of hop vines.
Had dinner here on 01/11/11 with my girlfriend.
Their beers are very much on par with Tree House, Trillium, River Roost, Austin Street etc...
Lots of large screen televisions tuned to various sports events.
Dressels reminds me of what I would expect to find in a small town somewhere in Great Britain.
The food is also very good, large selection and good Ribs
Food was solid but not spectacular, and service was spotty even though they weren't busy.
It's a boutique-like warehouse filled with mainly wine
Bottles priced very high, but a good selection of whales.
The crowd was mostly locals when I visited on a Tuesday during happy hour.
Not a large place which gives it a neighborhood feel.
The walls are covered by some costumes of the pissing buy and tons of puppets, very strange.
The Irish Stout was not quite up to par for the style, but the Oktoberfest was representative.
Almost like you're hanging out in a garage during the good old days.
Nice to have a small shop that has a good selection of brews including the harder to get releases that actually hit distro.
and I'm a guy who's gotten a free beer at Toronado before.
Either way its 100% worth visiting if you're nearby.
Local chain restaurant, nothing stood out but nothing was horrible either.
There were A LOT more wines than beers, but then again it is a 'wine market' afterall.
all outside seating is covered so rain is not an issue.
Found some street parking on the back end of the building.
$15 for a draft beer, while great beer, is still out of my league.
Crowded and good food, a happy place to which I would return.
Decently priced, much cheaper than you can order elsewhere.
Long, long ago when Revolution was an infant and I was middle-aged,
While you're there, ya gotta make time for the Beer Mongers across the street - bottle shop that reeks of awesome, & ya might even catch
Plus they messed up on my food and her drink.
Bar is along the right side down a bit, under the speakers, which play some blend of thrash and gothic metal.
Prices were reasonable for everything (especially the tasters at $1 or $2 depending on what kind of beer you want to try).
I visited Four Peaks back in 2008 for the UGA at ASU game.
The booths are pretty cool to with laminated cutouts in the tables with old wine/beer labels and crazy stuff.
Beer selection was very good, with a very eclectic variety on tap, and plenty of bottles.
their beer menu was kind of funky too, in a good way, each had its own art and there was a huge selection for how new they are.
A little awkwardly open and spacious, but perhaps we were just there on an off hour/day
It is such a neat place to visit and the food is always delicious.
The food is a little expensive, but worth the price for sure.
and it was a 20 to 30 minute wait, not bad.
Their liquor and wine selection is exceptional, so great one stop place.
The feel of the establishment is that of a hipster bar.
Another great Irish Pub in the Crescent Street corridor in Montreal.
With just a little more flavor to the beers this would be a great beer destination.
so I'm generally able to get a bottle or two of most releases.
Nothing like drinking right in the brewery.
Even Keel, Unibroue Maudite, Abita Vanilla Porter just to name a few.
It's location right next to the Cathedral in the Schoenmarkt
Sadly they have to compete with MacGregor's for beer selection.
Our servers were friendly and knowledgeable.
Awesome little (ok, its tiny) place, just over the bridge from Brooklyn...
Its The Nooks basesment, known as RanHam Bowl.
There is a bust of a Tyrannosaurus Rex above the door; better than a deer.
The building is split between a dedicated bar area and another section filled with tables for sitting down and having a bite to eat.
As you walk up to the place there are several outdoor tables.
The food is really good as well, but nothing compares to the Chicken and waffles and the bourbon maple syrup sauce that accompanies it.
Not really any big beers or anything particularly unique.
Small stand up bar and beer to go as well.
A narrow place with a good beer selection.
The menu was expansive, and the prices were reasonable.
We visited A La Mort Subite last week a day after visiting Cantillion and while we were still craving Gueze.
Brauhaus Schmitz offers authenticity and exceptional quality and presentation of the food and drink.
The setup of this place and decor is cut and dry, but somehow, that seems to come off in a Uinta kind of way and doesn't go into bland and boring territory.
No one seemed pleased to be working there, but they weren't rude.
A bar, several tables, a nice outdoor patio with a stage for live music, and probably the biggest cloth American flag
It was packed when we went there during the weekend peak hours.
I enjoyed the pizza I had both times I stopped by.
I came back on December 16 to re-visit a fond memory.
The brewery is in a old section of Dallas, TX that I found nice and historical looking.
Service is average, the waitresses have a pretty good knowledge of whats on tap and what they've got in bottles.
Staff are awesome, friendly and super knowledgeable.
A really cool and funky hangout joint in Logan Circle right across the street from Whole Foods.
Youthful fun atmosphere that is an easy place to spend many hours at.
Still, I don't think anything is greater than 5$ with plenty of selection below that.
Pretty big place with large bar in middle and seats/ tables all around.
The Pedicab is a cool bar with a good selection and great wings.
Whole Foods Markets tend to have at least decent beer sections, but this one is clearly well thought out and respectfully displayed.
Any time that you can visit any of the HopCat locations, it is a great experience to do it.
Outside the front door smelled like the sewer grate nearby was about to erupt.
Anyway, it’s great to see Duggan’s back, and I’ll definitely be returning.
The food is typical pub food, which means it is perfect for drinking ale.
German theamed through and through, food, beer, ambiance....
Not the worst thing I have seen at a bar.
The selection, while at 378 (plus bottles!) taps, lacks any diversity into the overseas market and quite frankly there are a lot,
The beer was tucked in the back, away from the windows.
Pricing is on par with everywhere else in Arlington.
You're able to bring in bottles to share with other customers.
Went on a semi-busy afternoon on a Friday and the vibe was cool and the place was semi-packed (dang pandemic).
First off I have say that the service the night I went to SBC in Milford was legendary.
The service and bottle selection were both absolutely incredible.
If you're in the northern Indianapolis area and looking for a place to eat, this is the one.
She knew we had a child with us, so she went above and beyond.
All of the different sections are kept orderly, bottles are dusted and nicely placed in regional categories.
It is also dog friendly which always scores huge points.
Not much in the way of entertainment except discussing the beers and tv.
Whole foods on Telegraph definitely deserves above average marks in both.
The inside is clean, well-lit, and kept in order.
Chris at SlowBeer was about the most professional, competent, enthusiastic and genuinely passionate about beer kind of sales-person you would ever want.
The crowd is a great mix of people; there seemed to be a lot of regulars.
I hit up this place at about 9 or 10 in the morning, had nothing better to do while waiting for my flight to leave.
They have lists all over the store, showing what is for sale and all of them are organized by location.
some great innovation here but with belgian tradition as a foundation, really sexy, ambitious, and well refined ales in here.
Whereas you probably won't be finding hardcore rarities here, you'll always find a well rounded and good selection.
They also have a kids theater that plays cartoons and has arcade games and picnic tables/booths for when mom and dad needs a beer and kid needs to run around.
My buddy also got a beer that didn’t taste quite right.
I don't understand reviews of this place claiming that Beer Club Popeye isn't focused on Japanese beers when around 55-60 of their 70 taps are dedicated to Japanese beers.
Matt is the resident beer guy who is quite knowledgeable about beer.
this is one place were the owner ( Cliff)
It is what it is, and people love what it is cause they come out in droves to come here.
The food is very cheap and the wings are good for this area,the bartenders are pretty cool and attentive.
The atmoisphere is great, dark, but not too dark, and tiny, but just spacious enough with a wonderful ambiance and victorian aire about it.
This is one of the nicest ones I have ever been inside of and the refrigerated beer cave is really cool.
A group of us went for a few beers and a late lunch during a recent visit.
Always worth stopping in if you're in the area.
I've been here a few times since this the reincarnation as AmeriSports and as a sports fan I am impressed.
Very nice Brewpub without some boring beer choices.
Unlike many pubs in the PNW, this place is really welcoming to outsiders-
The music ranges from acoustic players to karaoke.
This is pretty much a given considering the owners.
Mid-size brewery with a bar that seated 2 dozen or so, plus lots of seating indoors and outdoors.
The pub has lots of room and there is a very large cozy non-smoking area in the rear that has lots of atmosphere.
I was in the city and wanted to see what I could get
and I finally had to make the trip in to check it out.
There is a store next door for grower fills, glasses and t-shirts.
Located just minutes from Arizona State University, this place has a nice vibe, especially on weekends.
The wine selection was overwhelming, but the Beer selection occupied three aisles.
Most of the crowd were into Miller Lite buckets at $10 a bucket (6 beers)
Fries usually has live music and is geared more towards the laid back crowd, you'll usually not find many Fratties here.
I couldn't find the bathroom, and a nice man with a mastiff bigger than me showed me the way, so that was nice.
However, any wait that you have to endure will be worth your while.
Decent vibe-good mix of folks including some families and some pets-one of the largest St Bernards I have ever seen.
Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.
No, I don't think he was a-scareded this whole time, he was just workin' his way around town; we eventually got to where we needed to be...
For cigars, selection is much more expansive and has all the majors that you might be looking for.
But it would be way bitchin' if they did).
Solid variety of beers, including some well done lagers.
And they'll always ask if you'd like yours cold.
I hadn't been back here since their renovation.
The seasonal brew was the barley wine clocking in at 9.1% abv and did not sit well with me.
What started as one night a week in a pizza joint, evolved into a full-time restaurant and now expanded even further to its latest location is the best barbecue in portland.
It's now in a modern storefront but still has a nice vibe once you're inside.
Pretty cool atmosphere...typical of most Irish joints.
This place is a great hidden gem of a liquor store in Long Beach.
the inside bar area is a little smaller, with a right angle bar that can maybe seat 15 or so, and some table around as well.
The scene was young and noisy, loud without earsplitting music.
Selection was very good, lots of gppd craft brew to choose from but noting that really stood out or was hard to find.
and their West Of The Andes sandwich is truly scrumptious.
We stopped in over the Xmas holidays after visiting the Jolly Pumpkin brewpub.
But now it seems to have a selection on par with Lone Hill.
Got a ton of great stuff from The Wine Thief and Ale Jail in St Paul.
Midway up or down the hill some, depends where you’ve coming from…
I didnt have nearly enough time to hang out here, as I had many other stops to make, but this was definitly a cool little local place to hang out.
After lunch at nearby Fette Sau, I took a quick stroll through McCarren Park to work off the barbeque and digest at Torst.
I was initially surprised at how full the place was for a Tuesday afternoon, but we were able to find a small table by the street.
Rotating food trucks nightly and patio fire pit for those cool Ohio evenings.
There was a room in the back with a few tables and that is where we ended up sitting.
There are several large projectors for sporting events, and it's a good place to watch a game.
Taps were appropriately priced - about $5.50 to $6.00 for standard pint, although Chimay was $9.00.
i was surprised to see like a dozen beers on tap, at least ten, and some pretty ambitious recipes too.
They don't do flights but you can get 4oz pours of the in-house beers.
The food was typical airport food quality....
This allows me to try something new every time I come in which I love.
A friend and I walked in here after a recommendation from the bartender at Monks on where to get late night food (we'd already eaten at Monks earlier in the evening).
Don't go here expecting fancy decor, or even passable decor for that matter.
you'll never find anything less than a B on tap, and most everything is A- or higher.
A definite go to when on the west side of town.
Has a mix of young, old and hipster patrons.
Service was friendly and helpful even on New Year's Eve.
A solid burger joint by a celebrity chef, I was really impressed by the beer list.
That's not fair to them, but it's hard not to.
wine selection is extensive, although I did not have time to shop for wine or even compare prices.
if u want a good selection i would say go to duckworths they only have 60 taps but
I moved just down the street almost a year ago
Having a slight bias against it hearing that Dick Cantwell had left the company after the AB acquisition left him with a bad taste among other things.
Collins Pub is a mash up of Pioneer Square (old historic building, exposed brick) and craft beer bar.
they had a cool selection of beers too, and all of them were pretty good.
Hoax Brewing is part of the Beeracks Collaborative, East Haven , CT
Parking is a pain in Berkeley, but a good place to get a beer.
Portland, OR has many breweries within the city limits.
A barley wine, and two imperial stouts....
Here is the bottom line on Duckworths Ballantyne.
Hit here for some dinner and beers with the wife while making a quick trip to Portland during our KTG adventure.
Definitely try the porter since they don't can that one yet.
Having said that, I'll have to return here someday and see if they have improved things.
I ordered the fish and chips for my supper, and although the portions seemed small, I was satisfied by the meal.
The cask ale was old and had a watery taste to it and the IPA was the worst IPA I have ever had, tasted like lemonade.
The staff was extremely polite and helpful even though they were getting slammed.
Didnt manage to go into the brewhouse so this review is based on the beer garden around the corner on the Alter Markt.
The beer selection is very impressive, changes frequently, and has some genuine gems.
I have enjoyed Bosque beers on several previous trips to Albuquerque, but this was my first chance to visit the taproom.
Really just not my cup of tea and not the place I wanted to hang out at as I had a bunch more to visit today.
Outstanding, especially since the pour room moved upstairs with lots more space and tables.
Expensive, sure - but, all things I cannot get in Chicago.
Brewery/barrell house/taproom/eatery tucked into an industrial mall in San Leandro.
I gave them a good rating for effort and service, not education as I didn't have beer questions.
I have been spoiled by living close to this gigantic Whole Foods, which I realize when I go to other locations.
Can get crowded on the weekends and the staff can have a hard time keeping up with the flow.
The inside is appropriately dark and Spartan, with a seriously historic feel (nice, considering that the building is a reconstruction).
My only complaint is there is never enough room at the bar, so get there early.
They only had five brews on tap, however - wish they'd had more.
would wait till next spring for them to figure out.
Nice selection for this type of place although I stuck to their original and my favorite.
a TV and a bartender inspired 80s playlist.
I was expecting more, and I think I may have set my expectations too high.
Beers and growler fills are relatively inexpensive.
Selection was OK with Sin City's Ballingarry Stout available too.
Stopped into Memphis Taproom for brunch for the first time last weekend.
A decent amount of drafts and bottles, however the selection and quality isn't the greatest.
Visited here during their sour beer tap takeover during LA craft beer week.
I can't rate the food, as we only shared the Waffle Fries, but they were damn good with the Ginger Ketchup, for what that's worth.
Better than average atmosphere for an Arizona brewpub.
I, however, remarked to my friend after about a half an hour, that I'd never be able to work there
I have to say I really didn't like this place.
Beer selection was on the small side, but it was all quality beers.
If you aren't careful, you might walk right past this place, and that would be too bad.
The beer is outstanding and I would recommend the place to anyone.
A two-level Tap house with a matching two-level deck which close to doubles floor space.
He was extremely knowledgeable and passionate.
It should be noted that 6 out of those 9 taps come from NC, which is a great way to promote local area breweries.
The burger was delicious and reasonably priced.
Always a great selection -- one of the best beer bars in town.
They keep them behind the counter with a board posting what they have.
I hear there is an expanded relocation ensuing!
Some that I hadn't seen at other locations in KC.
I stopped in here while on my trip to Denver trying to locate some beers that I can't get in CA to FedEx to myself.
Great neighborhood dive bar with a great jukebox, belgian mussels, belgian beers, darts, and authentic feather bowling.
This was my first visit to any MacGregor's location.
They also had Quakertown Stout by Armadillo Ale Works there to try too
Events such as "Can Monday" and Michigan Night are great ways to sample really good beers.
This is a must-stop in Ann Arbor, though not as "local" as Ashley's.
The beer prices are normal for what you get.
Support this small business with a great selection of beer, cider and specialty liquors.
This was really not as crowded as some of the others I had been to, but it was also like mid afternoon
Service and atmosphere were so bad that quality and selection didn't matter.
There were games available with a football game projected on the wall.
when I saw this place was rated so highly, I made it a must-stop.
The selection of singles was really paltry (Bud Light, Bud Light Lime, a sorghum beer, and Heineken?) and the imports were really weak.
Loooong walk down several flights of stairs to find the bathroom which is fairly typical of London pubs.
The staff is great and always knowledgeable about the beers.
Pretty much the mecca for any craft beer fans coming to Indy.
They specialize in giving small local breweries a shot, to the point of letting glorified home brewers give their beers away for free.
This spot gets an A+ in my book of bottleshops in San Diego.
The main focus of the trip was to find cool places to drink beer and to also bring some local brews home with us.
A quick Google search had me going to Bondurants, in the midst of a craft-beer wasteland.
Place usually showcases local and national acts.
I stopped in this place on my first visit to Minneapolis.
I guess we like our IPAs to cool us off a little bit.
Even though it felt crowded, there really wasn’t a wait to get anything - their staff flies around.
Prices have also gone up in the past year.
There's even an upstairs that I didn't have time to check out.
The food was ok, and the waitress tried her best to keep up.
We split a milkshake that was the most decadent I've had.
it's meant to be an English pub (indeed all of the bartenders I spoke with were British) and has a very clean and warm atmosphere.
I really like the atmoshpere of the place.
They were made with grass-fed beef and were delicious.
A nice selection of beers, and a genuine attempt at creating the feeling of comaraderie and conversation that one feels in an Irish pub is made here.
Large selection on tap and many to take some.
A place that is defiantly worth stopping off at.
There were about 1/2 dozen folks on a rainy Saturday at 1pmish.
Good rock and roll music playing, friendly staff and a few people with dogs chilling outside on the patio.
I liked the atmosphere a lot more than new holland which felt like a large marketing scam.
I admit I'm a bit nostalgic about this place because we have been coming here since 1994
They had KBS, BCBBW, Jubel 2010, Lost Abbey Red Poppy, and a number of other rare offerings.
Best selections of tap German beer in Madison (and no St Pauly girl).
The bar is L-shaped, neatly divided at the bed to the coffee and espresso drinks side and the beer and wine side (no spirits).
This is a bold statement but i’ll Defend it all day long.
I, too, have experienced the problem of them being out of some of their menu, but not to the extent of the previous reviewer.
It just all seemed very bright and shiny, and as we all know by now, I am not going to a bar to get a suntan.
The other half is devoted to wine and beer, with the majority of that half being devoted to beer.
The place is quite popular and we had to wait about half-hour before being seated even though we showed past 8pm on a Sunday night.
Happens they were having an Allagash tap take-over with nearly 15 taps of Allagash and a few more with variuos others from the area.
Plenty of year round, rotating and seasonal beers on tap and cans to go.
That combination is the only reason I continue to (occasionally) shop here.
There is always something new, some small batch aged with spices or peppers, etc.
Several seating areas make for plenty of room to find your spot.
moderate sized restaurant with a small bar.
Food is good, the service is friendly and responsive.
Luckily I had chosen seven beers from that cooler!
If the store was a bit bigger and the selection a bit broader, it might have got 5s across the board.
Seeems like a nice little neighborhood bar.
The food was delicious and I was surprised the prices were extremely reasonable.
Draft lines are well taken care of, lines are short and cleaned often.
Great and extensive list of French brews, which I focused on.
Hopefully they fix it, because there's obviously a lot of potential.
Have had the rarest of brews during these bottle shares such as Pliny the Elder, Head Topper, Bourbon County, KBS and Alesmith Speedway Stout.
Situated right in downtown West Bend, the riverside brewery and restaurant has a perfect location.
I'm a hop head so their beer selection is not the best for me but
sierra nevada beer camp is $3/bottle which is a high premium.
Can't imagine they didn't have anything I wanted from the southwest
Parking is easy during the week, but can be tough to park during Friday & Saturday evening.
I visited for dinner on a Wednesday around 8 pm and the place was slammed, so be prepared for people if you go.
Very nice establishment and hope to return to the area for work
Staff were very knowlegdeable and helpful and seemed to enjoy talking about the state of craft beer in Ohio.
Sit at the bar facing west, and the windows roll up to look out on the patio and passing trains.
Settled in last night just prior to the Bruins game..
Was worth the trek, and I'd probably go back, but drive or ride a bike this time.
More selections other than just oysters .
The crowd is friendly and lively and there is typically loud music.
I will be making a return trip to the Collar.
Right at the end of the bar they keep the bottle selection in a large soda cooler so you can see everything available.
Wife and I split the tripel and the dubbel, both were quite good.
The live music is an attraction not just background.
Didn't catch the citrus or pine notes as much as I expected to from what I'd read.
Food was absolutely fantastic and reasonably priced.
When I go there to shop they generally have everything on my list (I think once they were out of a specific hops
One of the best bars I have been to in terms of craft beer selection.
But, I'm a beer head who is an exception rather than the norm
Firewaters in Newark, DE is a dark place w/
I may also be biased because the bartenders play music that competes with my Ipod.
Lots of families, I don't know if it they have some sort of Family Night Special?
Middle area is a patio that feels a little more chill but still classy.
May have the best craft beer selection in town, albeit a little heavy on the imports.
so, the harder to find stuff that is sold out all over town, is just sitting on their shelf...
Map Room and Quenchers are great and all...really do love those places...but Hopleaf has it all!
The door was at an angle to the corner and as I ascended the steps, I realized that I was going to be as at home here as I had been at The Bulldog.
Large selection of beers brewed on site with quite knowledgeable staff.
If you serve me biscuits and gravy with no sausage
They have a huge outdoor area that is equipped with a ton of table sets, a long out door bar, a stage for bands to perform and enough green space to throw around a Frisbee.
I've called a lot of bars home over the years, but this by far is my favorite.
Studio 35 is an independent one-cinema theater in the Clintonville district of Columbus.
If that food truck decided to start a restaurant, this would be it.
The beer selection for this time was pretty average, with 5 or 6 of their normal offerings and 1 seasonal, a Belgian Wit.
This place is like a Denny's except with a bunch of fermentation tanks in the middle.
Centrally located AA spot, unassuming facade, typical party store with some hand painted windows out front with the Fransiskaner monk and Spaten paddle logos.
Some tables are scattered about and a fireplace.
The other review here is far too harsh, makes me wonder if that guy had an agenda.
The inside had the feel of a lounge that could have fit in very well in Dupont Circle.
Relatively mellow vibe at what we thought would be peak time on a Friday night.
Always a good crowd and good bar service though.
Selection is a hard one since it's Angry Chair only.
It seems to be an older store but fairly maintained.
We got our drinks fairly quickly but the food took forever and they weren't even busy.
At least, what they did have was pretty good.
Equipment wise I will generally find larger items elsewhere, but they will certainly get you whatever you need if they don't have it in stock.
Decent beer selections for any drinker's taste.
Nice place to visit for beer though; a few brewpubs and some bars of wonder about.
Switchback, #9, Long Trail Ale, and VT Lager round out the local handles.
We stopped here on our last day in SF so that we could check out at least one brewery.
Cool place to enjoy a few, watch the game, or shoot a rack.
Seehaus is a bit smaller though still large.
The outside patio was more busy than the inside.
After I stopped laughing at how much of an old lady she acts like, I told her even if it is, those are some of the best places.
I think they have a very good selection and
The service was good even when they were busy.
and I'm kinda dying to try it because they all seem to enjoy it so much.
Huge space with an order counter and then a few picnic tables inside and high rise bar stools.
Exposed brick walls, and exposed copper kettles, with a nice patio out front and back.
A classic old school beer bar feel, similar to Toronado but cleaner.
Lucky enough to have timed our visit to an imperial stout bottle release weekend!
All of the staff are very knowledgeable and personable.
The store is full of foods that are great with the beers they sell and the prices are comparable to Total Wine.
On a beautiful late summer afternoon, I had the chance to re-visit this wonderful beer cafe.
It's a cool little place, with plenty of space at a table, though there are only maybe 8-10 and a bar.
They have the cheapest growlers around by far with a well chosen and quickly rotating selection of 10 taps (samples always given!).
This is my go-to beer location in Richmond.
What else can I say except I love Nicholson's.
Out of the few times I've found myself visiting for a quick bite and brew, I have yet to land in one of the booths.
Great tap list with an emphasis on locals.
Dipped in here for a beer with my wife and daughter.
Great assortment, interior is true to it's original heritage.
As you walk in there is a nice amount of tables, with a horseshoe shaped bar and some boothes.
Met up with a British friend and some fellow travelers at this fine pub.
Stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon before heading to Hopcat and Founders.
they tend to turn over their product a bit slower than some of the other stores which has some pros and cons.
Quality was mixed - inconsistent from one to the other.
Great beer selection and they tend to get a lot of the harder to get stuff in pretty readily.
Not sure whats it is like when it super crowded.
When crowded, such as during concerts, service is adequate, at best.
Wrote to the brewery a few months ago to let them know how much I enjoyed both beers
You order at the counter and pick up your food at the counter, too.
24 beers on tap, all theirs, with 6 of them for funk/sour beers!
They put me on a waiting list for K4 FF and had two sixers set aside for me behind the counter.
Stranger of the Night soup kitchen right around the corner in case you blow your life savings and need a little mac n cheese.
High end pub grub type food done very well.
You won't find a better beer bar in the Buffalo area.
If you are looking for a five page menu, this isn't the place.
Very small amount of seating inside and tons of picnic tables outside with plenty of shade from trees and umbrellas to go around.
" Their beers and the food truck next door made for a great lunch - we'll keep our eyes on this brewery and will be back for another visit!
As soon as I walked in the store the owner said hello, remarked how he hasn't seen me in there before and introduced himself, asked me my name, and shook my hand.
Access is much easier as it is in a strip mall and
Nice place, nothing fancy, that serves only Victoria craft beers.
The downside is there's no updated list online to know what beers are on tap.
Things are getting out of hand with some craft breweries and I don't see myself coming back to this one anytime soon.
I sampled the 5 other beers they make and all were dead on the styles.
and I believe that it was devoid of any television.
Really great beer menu featuring their house beers and a ton of guest beers, including a healthy dose of FFF and a few sours.
My "$" inexpensive rating applies only if you are to go on a Thursday, in which case it will be $2 pints of any of their own beers.
The best micro-brew spot in St. Louis, period.
The beer here is not bad, there is almost always a good beer or two on tap, but there's rarely a great beer here.
They don't deliver, but you can order and pick up.
I'm not sure how I've never reviewed this place or
Fireworks is basically an upscale pizza joint, but what makes it special is the beer selection.
but things can at times be a bit flustered when it's busy.