Went on a slow Sunday night. Only 12 Belgian drafts is a bit limiting and about half of them Belgian standards. Still no issue finding something to drink. High ceilings and beautiful interior. Extremely warm service. Excellent food. Had the steak tartar which was top notch and the Croque Madame that was herbed wonderfully.
I didn't know this wasn't the Essenhaus, because it was like walking through the door to another bar in the same building. They have a great great bottle selection in a cooler. They also have a good selection on tap. While I was there I got a Bell's Two Hearted. The service was good, I didn't notice anything bad or exeptional, so must have been pretty good. They have yards too if you like to have that much beer. They have a lot of cool breweriana one the wall, it's like a little museum at which you can drink beer! Nice little bar, I will be back.
Anyone familiar with the DC Beer Scene knows about Churchkey, a world-class beer bar that offers 50 drafts, over 500 bottles and an eclectic food menu. Bluejacket is the next step: a brewery devoted to their own beers. Located in the Navy Yard District, near to the Navy Museum, the Yards Park Waterfront and the Nationals Park, Bluejacket is situated in the former US Navy Arsenal Building. It is an attractive venue: a large multi-story room that is overlooked by shiny brewtanks; there is a long bar in the middle and a large array of tables for regular dining. 
I met my brother there after work yesterday, a Friday, to have a few beers. Unfortunately this is a rare occurrence. This place was definitely a great choice. We had a great time!
Moved to Las Vegas from San Diego and thought to myself that the days of going to a place for a good selection of brews was kind of over. Wrong I was. I went to this place on their Barrel Aged night and knocked off half a dozen hard to find beers off my wish list. People were friendly, the service was good and I see myself becoming a regular.
Taproom in brewery with a cold, industrial feel. There were probably 50 people there and it was quite noisy, due to the metal walls & ceiling. The quality of the beers we had was good and the staff was friendly and helpful, but I was a bit disappointed with the selection.
I visited this place during a trip to New York. I was looking for a place with a good lineup of local beers that I can't get in California. I was not disappointed. The place was crowded but I still ended up with a seat at the bar. The crowd and the bartenders were friendly, which was nice since I was going solo. Its a good place for beer and conversation.
I have been here a few times now, some for beer and some for coffee. The atmosphere is very warehouse-like, with tall ceilings and lots of concrete. There is a small bar with a few taps - small selection, but well thought out. There are some less popular Belgian beers often on tap as well as a good domestic craft selection. The service is average, but the staff is certainly more concerned about coffee than they are beer. The clientele is typical coffee shop, with a lot of students studying.
I really want this place to succeed. I love the concept behind the place. However, every time I go I am continually disappointed. The atmosphere and service are always good. The beer selection can be hit or miss. It depends largely on how many local brews they are selling. We have a booming beer scene in Austin, unfortunately, not all of our breweries make great beer. I've tried most of their house beers and nothing has been special, so far. The biggest problem I have with this place is the food. Everything I/my wife/my friends have tried has been below average. 
V: Isley has a much smaller space than expected, but generally well laid out. There's a small bar area, as well as a few seats and tables in the middle of the space. It gets crowded and can get cramped (quite a few people bring their dogs, so be prepared for that). A food truck usually lurks outside, too. A solid layout.
Dropped by on a Sunday (as I knew they were open) and the local "lads" (most were probably beyond a half-century in experience) were present in a good number. The lovely lady tending bar took time to answer my questions and help me get my samples of their product, as well as labels. This, despite the fact that she was quite busy ensuring the local lads thirst was slaked. She also found me what was most likely the last bottle of Maibock in the brewery, which had been put aside due to an improperly formed cap - she asked me to drink it quickly - which I did, there were no issues with the beer, only the cap - check out the rating! Cool location, good bier, and Fraenkish - what more do you need? Recommended. Note: did not try the food, but I suspect it is outstanding as they have to live there!
Skip past the rows and rows of wine (unless you're into that kind of thing) and you'll find a pretty nice selection of quality craft brews and Belgian stuff in the back. Beer is kept on shelves and also in coolers. I found a few Southern Tier Krampus, and in May that's kind of weird (it's a Christmas release), but I bought a couple and they were quite good. Other nice offerings from Stone, Shmaltz, Oskar Blues, Dogfish Head, 21st Amendment, and quite a few others. We were in a kind of hurry, so we grabbed what caught our eye and headed out. The dudes at the counter were cool, commenting on some of our purchases and generally delivering a friendly vibe that would make you remember the place and want to come back. And even though it wasn't so super-spectacular that I'd go out of my way to get there again, if you're in the downtown Baltimore area (as we were) and you bump into it (as we did), by all means support their cause. Cool place.
Simply put - Twisted Spoke is one of the best bars anywhere. Spent most of the day there on a Sunday to watch playoff football - our server was fantastic, the beer selection excellent, the bourbon selection the best I've ever seen (really!), the vibe welcoming to everyone (even kids), and just all around a great experience. Didn't have a meal, but the food looked outstanding. This bar is an absolute must visit on any trip to Chicago.
Location: situated in an evolving hipster area of "NoDa," outside of downtown Charlotte, it is across the street from the obligate taco shop and next to its sister restaurant that markets crepes. Inside bare brick walls with tables refurbished from an old mill I think. The first bar that came to mind when I walked in was Toronado in SF. 
Awesome restaurant/bar with a great selection of craft beers. I don’t make it out to this part of Tampa often, but I always stop in when I am in the area. Great Sweets also!
We were in DC for a Friday night and with a lot of restaurants very full, settled on Capitol City Brewing. We waited 15 minutes for table and grabbed a beer at the bar while we did so.
I put this on the Richmond list b/c of two reasons. First, if you're visiting Richmond and/or a fan of good BBQ - EAT AT THIS PLACE. Second, if Bottoms Up can be on the list w/ a limited beer selection than so can this place. They keep a few drafts, although they are kept in plastic tubs and served in plastic glasses. As for the 32 bottles they have macros but a nice mix of some well-known micros - DFH, Lagunitas, Delirium Tremens, Chimay. Bottom line, you come to this place to eat; not drink. This is a Richmond BBQ experience that is always crowded and is a must hit for lunch/dinner.
An absolutely phenomenal selection of beers. The bar menu is great. I suggest the olives and the rugbrod, buttered. If I could get here more often, I certainly would. The bartenders are extraordinarily friendly, helpful, and make great beer suggestions, though, with a beer list like that, I don't know if they could make a bad one. Anyway, this place is a must visit.
Ashley's is awesome. I make it a point to go there every time I visit Ann Arbor. The atmosphere is great. Both inside and outside, it has sort of an old-fashioned feel to it - something that I'm a fan of. They also have a ton of different old beer bottles on a mantle that encircles the whole place. During peak hours and days, it does get very busy, loud, and you'll probably have to wait. This should be expected in a college town like AA. The only downside to this is that the waiting area is very small, and if there's too many people, you might have to wait outside - not very comfortable during the winter. However, any wait that you have to endure will be worth your while. The selection of beers is excellent, including many rotating beers on tap. There's also this cool perk-program that they have called "Beer Tour." Essentially, you gain different things (anything from a free appetizer to a sweatshirt to your name on a plaque) for trying different beers.
My favorite place to get beer, just wish it was closer. The best way to describe it is the Sam's of liquor stores. In a warehouse right off of the highway in south stl, huge wine, beer and liquor sections. I've also bought disposable flasks here as well.
I stopped by this Payless 4 years ago after we moved here. I was not impressed. The place was a mess and had a bunch of dusty old bottles that were ready for the drain. After picking up some KBS at said store, I noticed some big improvements. 
This is a nice sports bar, but a mediocre beer bar. Their beer selection consists primarily of imports you can get anywhere like Guinness and boring regionals like Sierra Nevada and Sam Adams. The simple fact that they served their beer in frosted glasses lets you know they are not serious about beer in any way.
What I had: East End Big Hop Harvest Ale (cask), Yards General Washington Tavern Porter (draft), Fat Head’s Head Hunter IPA (draft), The Duck-Rabbit Brown Ale (draft), South Side Slopes headwich. 
Came here with my wife, my pups, Bob and Walter in the fall of 2019. This place is a must go to brewery. They have nailed the smoked beer concept. I am a IPA lover and was very pleased to go out of my realm and try their Flynn on Fire Smoked Beer Initiative. Their staff is friendly and loved our dogs. Totally pet friendly
Although this place is slightly run down, and a little hard to find (located in a stip mall off the 183/Research Blvd access road), I think the bartenders are really nice. I've had the best service when sitting directly at the bar. The table service is not that great.
Certainly one of the highlights of my trip to Brussels, if not my entire March trip to Europe. I really wish Half Time was able to do what Nasser does at 400 Bieres. To have your entire stock of beers also serve as a menu for your bar is quite something and a thing I would much like to enjoy on a consistent basis here in the States. Obviously I don't need to describe much more than that to explain what makes this place so fantastic. Put on top that the owner is super cool and really friendly, the selection is out of this world, there is a proper glass for almost every beer he has in stock and there is a 17 year old dog that lounges around in the back. What more could you want. Maybe some Westy 12... oh wait they had that too and I drank some. Yeah pretty much perfect.
Well I can say I have had some cool stuff go down at that place (can't say what ;)), and the beer selection is pretty good. Pretty unique spot that I recommend going to visit. Sit outdoors if you can and enjoy the music, or wander downstairs to the basement for some privacy.
Great place in a great town...we spopped in for a night capper after a day of eating/drinking/merry making in the general area...what a town, what a state...great place to visit...loads of quality brew to sample and enjoy...cozy out door area...
I spotted Schillings a few weeks ago and finally made my way in to it tonight. I slipped up to the very nice hardwood bar and ordered a pint of Bass. I was very pleased when the bartender asked me if I wanted an American or Imperial pint. That was my first two clues that this bar was worth while (they had 20oz pints and bass on tap).
Another Pasadena bar, a wonderful visit for me. This place is kind of dark on the inside and there is a lot of dark wood and neon signs that add to this dive feel of the place. Lots of alternative looking people peering out of booths and hightops. I eventually found a seat somewhere, a very cool and chill place.
Now why can't Sydney have something as good as this??? Insane selection. Heaps of Australian, New Zealand, UK, Belgium, and German beers. From reasonable to expensive. That does figure with importing so no big deal. Excellent pricing on the US and Canada micros and they do find some very odd stuff that is quite interesting.
An American craft beer bar that has a sleek, wood-accented bar and a relaxed atmosphere. They have sixty craft beers on tap from around the U.S. The service was friendly and helpful. I did not try any food. Highly recommended if you are in the neighborhood.
@champ103 summed up the atmosphere. The tap list is pretty good, they have some interesting beers sometimes, things I can't find anywhere else. Tonite they had Nitro Rubaeus by Founders and Pigs in a Blanket by Boston Beer. I really like the pizza here and so does my wife, so this is a good place where we can go and have good food and some interesting beer. Just wish it was closer to my house.
This is the first time I have ever been here. I was told that this is a awesome shop for a beer lover. From the outside and it's location in a strip mall you would never think they would have as much beer as they do. Plus the fact they have a lot of trade only bottles. Customer service was awesome. They bend over backwards to have me leave with a smile on my face. I would definitely suggest visiting this place if your ever in San Diego area. I would also suggest you bring some bottles to trade, something special.
Great place, excellent background music and an outstanding beer selection. Very hip and chill place, the bartender was knowledgeable, the selection was very well procured with a wide variety and a ton of beers I can't get in NY. Excellent selection on tap and a pretty nice bottle list. Vibe was relaxed and craft beer centric, the bartender was equally willing to pour a stiff drink as he was a tap handle - he was also pouring everyone water at the end of the night, a real pro. Food looked and smelled great, but I didn't have any hence the 3.75 rating. Very cool place, I'll definitely come back.
Average food and beer not a focal point of this establishment. Seems like a good quick place to grab a bite and an A beer but just not where I would want to hang out to sample beer.
Oh man, what a fun taproom. Excellent vibe, among the best service we ever received at a brewery/brewpub, packed but friendly clientele, and of course an excellent selection (with a good representation of styles, for only 16 taps). Wish the pours were a touch cheaper. Didn't eat anything.
This bar is where I learned about craft beer. I was a porter and got a chance to sample a good deal of the beers they offered. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly (as long as you are not an ass). They also play a great selection of music. You need not worry about mainstream music while you are enjoying your beer. I also had the opportunity to explore great cheeses and a nice selection of mustards to go with them. The prices are reasonable.
I was wandering in downtown Atlanta looking for a place to eat while I was at a conference. My labmate said, "Hey, that place brews its own beer, you'd like that!" so we walked in. It had a neat feel to it, it was more like a brewery that tacked a restaraunt onto itself as opposed to the standard brewpub where it is a restaraunt with a brewery tacked on. I ordered the veggie calzone and it was fantastic! It was just dripping with goat cheese and the roasted veggies offered a nice sweet supplement.
Stopped in for a three-hour layover on the way to Las Vegas... I'm on a mission to try 365 new beers in 2011 so this was a good place to grab lunch and try some new beers.
This brewery is great if you like Belgian style beers. It’s fun, they have an inside area that’s nice and an outdoor area with large picnic tables. I had fun, and would go often if I lived in Portland. Probably better when it’s warmer. Good service, knowledgeable staff. Watched over my baggage while I had a flight. It was bit outside downtown. Interesting change of pace from all the hazy IPAs around downtown Portland. Definitely worth a trip if you are in the area. It’s a fun place and overall I recommend.
Cozy bottle shop with plenty of parking. Friendly and knowledgeable owner. Large selection of craft beer including singles. At least 4 taps, so have a draft while you shop or relax, or take a growler home, and they will fill all "legal" containers. Larger wine selection, and cheese available also.
Cool liquor/beer store in North Park. From the outside (and inside actually) it doesn't look like much beyond your typical liquor/corner market, but they have a huge selection of quality craft beers from San Diego and beyond. I good place to hunt for very popular beers/things that sell out quickly, as it's not as well known as Bottlecraft but usually gets most of the same selection. I didn't ask for help from anyone working, but the guy behind the counter was very friendly, so there's that. Definitely worth checking out.
Came in close to opening time on a Saturday morning. Walked in and was pleased immediately. Wood shelves held a large quantity of desirable beer. Service was great. Only thing preventing me from giving it a perfect score is prices were quite a bit higher than competitor Stella brew.
Adorable place just one block over from the bus stop. Nice tap display around the center beam at the bar, and overall good taps available - both imports and local/regional beers. Our bartender was from NY and she was quite friendly nonetheless, unlike many New Yorkers. 
This place has only been opened for a few months, and was on my must do list for my Philly trip. It has a modern bar feel - old brick wall meets shiny metals, wood floors, granite bar top, and grey tones throughout. The bar can seat 15. Only one TV here sitting between two large blackboards that list the draft beers. 
Went to bed at 2:30, got up at 4:00, got on a flight at 6:30, transferred to another flight, bad weather, horrible flight... finally arrived in Dallas late and destroyed. Beer please!! So our first stop is the Ginger Man. Yup, straight up. 
I have been here a couple of times but most recently during GABF 08. This place is located right up from Coors Field and is a great spot to hang out before or after a Rockies game but is a pretty long walk from some of the other big "Beer Spots" in Denver. This place reminds me of a big corporate restaurant. Nothing about the vibe reminds me of a local brewpub. The quality of the place is good. Their beer is very accessible to most people but unfortunately doesn't really cater to the Beer Geeks of the world. The service is OK. I haven't ever had exceptional service but its never bad either. The food honestly is the best thing about this place. Their Beer Battered County Fried Steak is great. All the food I have ever had here has been very good. This is definitely worth a stop if your in the area.
I was walking around this town, wondering if it could any more white, middle class, and suburban, when I came across this place. Nice open spacious barn/ garage feel - lots of wood, and cement floor. Many tables and benches - like how I would imagine a rural Czech beer hall in West Virginia. Very nice staff, good to great beer - they serve little serving for 1.25 when I was there, which enabled me to try it all. Almost. The sandwiches are good too. I really felt relaxed and enjoyed myself. I was there in the early afternoon on a monday, so the crowd scene was nil - just me and a couple others
Overall, I am a little in disbelief over the ratings applied by other visitors to this dive. Ambiance-wise it is rather noisy and sterile, or maybe that was the impression garnered from late afternoon rather than a more cosy night. The people that work there seem to like to pal around with each other rather than pay attention to customers; I also did not totally appreciate the loutish staff changing the TV channel before my very eyes without even asking (I was the only one watching at the time).
Really nice, huge beer hall with large selection of merchandise, around 20+ taps of Surly beer, decent food. Great place to hang out with friends. Less exciting atmosphere than before the shutdown, but still fun and socially distanced.
I went to Brewer's Art last night with my girlfriend for an early Valentine's Day dinner. Neither of us had been before and were both looking forward to the food and their home brews.
I have been anticipating the opening of the Wilmington location for quite a while. This week I stopped in with a few co-workers for a happy hour. The happy hour special was $1 off drafts and most apps $5 4-6. Reasonable, but with $8-11 for 12 oz. pours of good beers, $1 off is hardly a bargain. Lacks in atmosphere, as it feels confined and warehouse-y. Living in Delaware, you can't be put off by good restaurants in strip malls, but the feel inside leaves something to be desired. 
Just a fun bar, cool set up, and awesome staff. The food is excellent at for Boston an excellent price, the lobster roll easily the best I have ever had. At least 10 great beers flowing on tap, with a very good bottle selection also. Overall a great experience.
Recently visited the White Labs tasting room. If you're unaware, they present a unique approach to enjoying craft beer, which is providing samples of beer that began as the same wort, but was fermented on different yeasts. This allows White Labs to showcase, educate, etc. patrons about the effects of their yeasts and highlight an area of beer that isn't familiar to all. 
There are many corporate establishments in the US which call themselves "pubs" and even "English pubs," yet it is rare that the name is anything but a marketing gimmick. The Bull & Bush truly is a "pub in the British tradition" and worth the visit if only to save the airfare to Blighty.
Scholz has a special place in my heart as I enjoy barbecue and I like good beer, this place has both. The german potato salad, peach cobbler and nice atmosphere are bonus points. I usually sit in the front room, the bar is there the booths are comfy and I like all the history on the wall. The staff is nice and usually attentive the beer selection is nice(around 10 taps of good stuff) it's pretty much what I want in a bar as far the atmosphere and food go. I wish they had a little more craft and a little less bmc but that's ok. The food is great and not to pricey and the German potato salad is second to none. 
I stopped in here this past weekend since it was in proximity of a tasting I was heading for. An interesting little spot that is half store and half bar. There were a great selection of beers available with some in coolers and some on shelves. They had about 10 taps available but nothing really stood out to me. Service was good and the cashier was helpful. The only real downside is some of their prices were a bit high compared to other stores in the area. Still worth a visit if you are in the area.
Located right off of campus, S&H looks for all the world like an old breakfast diner that has now been converted into a pretty impressive beer bar. The place boasts that it has been around for some 40 years and it's easy to believe. The dining area looks as if it has been around for a while, though if anything that just imparted an even more relaxed vibe I thought. This place is fairly good size, with a fairly large wrap around bar area in the middle of the place. Looked like they had around 6 or 7 TV's as well, turned to various sporting events on this particular friday. 
Not a bad place at all. Few beers on tap, not that much selection, and it seems like they are trying to up their level of service. I feel comfortable there no matter what I wear or what I do. You can wear orange hair and no one will point and laugh like Alexander Street bars might. Probably the best jukebox in the city. The girls behind the bar are actually looking at people now, so you don't feel so alienated anymore. Prices are good, beautifully tacky deco, tons of board games, outside wood stove, bring chalk to write on the walls outside, watch movies there every week outside, pool table, etc etc. Bathroom's too small...
Visited on 4/25/09 during the seventh inning stretch and after the Rockies game, reviewed from notes, how can the atmosphere not be cool if it is inside a ballpark, the answer is it really cannot unless it fails miserably, located in right field, had three of their beers on tap including B.S. Helles, Second Hand Smoke, and Right Field Red, I had the first two mentioned because I have heard so many great things about their lagers in the past, this was super crowded and I am sure it always is being that they are opened mostly only on game days, love the concept and wish my Dodgers would do something like this next, prices are super high around seven dollars a glass but they are expected at a baseball game, better than the other macro options but these too come in platic cups unfortunately
Zipp's is my go to place when I am in the Mpls/St. Paul area for beer. Always getting new things in and frankly has just as good of a selection on new releases as many of the more specialty beer stores in the Twin Cities.
Vibe: I stopped at this place in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. It is a combination of two stores in a strip mall, with one side serving as a beer store and the other side serving as tasting room/wine store. Both sides were joined by a bar and the tasting room had some stand out tables and couches in between the wine racks. There was a sizable crowd of locals hanging out at the bar when I arrived.
It's been a while since I've been here, but I have great memories. My first time here, we were seated through the entrance all the way to the left by the blues ensemble, sipping Ghetto Blaster. It just felt right. The time after, straight through on the right by the window across from the bar. Sometimes it's standing room only as well (wasn't even game day when that happened).
This pub is unique in that it is a dive bar with a great micro selection and the most unusual single malt selection I have ever seen. As for the single malt selection there might be a bigger one on L.A., I dont know but there were so many bottles of scotch that I have never seen anywhere.
Nice, inviting, relaxed, casual place. I didn't feel any snobbiness or anything. Nor is it at all like a dive. Honestly, I felt as comfortable here as in just about any other bar I've been to. We were there on a Friday night and it wasn't too crowded.
In Dunedin, worrying about the world up north as I don’t know what what and with whom, just yet. All the unpleasant pieces slowly rearing their heads. On walkabout, now just up the block from that 1st Florida brewery we’ve seen so many times before. I feel like we’ve come by a bunch of times and it’s been under construction or this is not one of the days they’re open. But today will be the day…
New location opened December 2015 just a short jaunt from the U of M campus. It has a ton of free parking, but it is a component of an office complex and so the lot fills up very fast. They will have paved patio outdoor seating, but it was still chilly when we visited so wasn't an option.
This place is really great when it comes to a beer destination. They have lots of connections and always have great things on draft, and they brew and distribute their own beer. I don't like their food, and it is pretty generic. I must give a shout out to the bathroom. WOAH. 
Logan's Alley has the best selection of bottled beer I have ever seen. They actually have a leather bound book that showcase roughly 250 beers from around the world. They always have a great rotation of taps and are one of the few places I've seen with a dedicated Delirium tap.
Not the greatest experience here. Long story short, the Mexican lager was oxidized and tasted like stale cardboard. I told the bartender it seemed a little off and she tried to pass it off as a subjective palate issue, and then proceeded to avoid us after that. Cool.
Pretty nice place, a number of TVs with news and sports on, and a good selection of taps (probably 20 or so) with a varied selection. The service was pretty good and the waitress described the rogue saison as "a hoppy, funky beer" which was pretty appropriate (as good of a description as anyone who isnt a BA could give). The food was also quite good, definately a step above standard bar fare. I wish they would carry a few more local beers, but the selection was definately acceptable. All in all, a nice place to have a pint, not very smoky and with some good eats as well. Recommended.
I went here last night for dinner. It was busy but not overall so. I had a beer at the bar while waiting for my party. They have 6 or so house beers on tap and about a dozen guest taps. The guest taps aren't too spectacular, mostly along the lines of Bass, Newcastle, etc But they had Live Oak Big Bark, Lindemans framboise, and Aventinus -- a few good ones. They have a pretty good bottle selection: Scaldis, Chimays (all three), Delirum Tremens,Orval, Saison Dupont, Duvel.
Golden West is a very popular, funky place on a funky street (referred to as "The Avenue") in an ultra-funky area of Baltimore called Hampden. Their self-described "long bar" in the back is an excellent spot to enjoy craft beer and some tasty, inexpensive food. The menu (they use old vinyl LP covers) is admirably eclectic (including ample breakfast choices all day/night) and, you guessed it, funky. There's always a nice selection of rotating draughts. I always feel comfortable here, despite the fact I'm 2-3 times older than their typical patrons.
I'm very glad to have come by this one. There is a good assortment of bottles, for what it's worth, and they had a good assortment of beers on tap. Much, much better than most places I've been. I was pleased with the taste and temperature of my selections. 
Visited on a Monday afternoon (damn it - should've realized they closed at 5). Since I made a trip to Belgium last year I've really become a fan of Belgian styles and everything I tried at Allagash was really well done (something that can't be said for every American brewery trying to do Belgian Styles). My non-beer drinking wife even liked their beer! A must stop if you're in the area.
I ordered a 4-pack of Abrasive and Furious online late Thursday. I live in California, so I was okay with shipping rates to try these two high quality beers. What I didn't expect was service that went beyond my expectations. Based on my experience with other online beer purchases, I expected my package to be shipped sometime the following week. No, it was shipped the very next day on 
Kinda interesting location in Corktown. Bottom of an office building. Clearly used to be some generic office space but has transformed into some ultra-industrial bar area. Furniture is all unfinished wood. Lots of seating, good access to TVs to watch a game with couch seating. There was no one else there which gave off probably the wrong impression of the potential vibe. Its just taps, no food, but I had some real winners there. Motown Monk was very good, and Tootsie was by far the clear winner of an entire day of Detroit drinking. Looking forward to getting a shot at trying some new stuff in the future.
Expect long waits here compared to other locations although the quality of women is better and this place is just fun. Worth the wait after you've downed 3 beers it'll be in the top 10 pizza joints you've been in.
Hit up this place after a concert to celebrate my girl's birthday. Got here at 11PM on a Saturday and the place was PACKED! It was like wading through another concert, just absolutely crowded. The clientale was a mix of punk rockers, blue collars, rockabilly chicks and other subcultures - all very friendly and cool people. Hipsters were mercifully absent. The jukebox was pumping out some psychobilly and surf rock...nice!
We had the pleasure of visiting the city of Wilmington while traveling to the area for some residency interviews. Having time to only stop at a single bottle shop, we turned to you fine BeerAdvocates for recommendations, and this was where we landed. Apparently the beer scene in the area is a bit slower than some other areas of the country, or in more robust and bigger cities, but we were happy to check this place out.
This is a really cool place hidden away in Dunedin, FL. The one drawback I saw here was that the parking lot is tiny. Even in my little Celica I had a hard time squeezing into a spot. Aside from that, the place is small, but feels very open. When you walk in you get to see all the tanks behind the tables and guys working hard trying to get the beer ready for you. The place has great decorations ranging from medals they've won to bottles from other places that I'm guessing have been brought in by patrons. They also have a full menu, though I did not get to eat anything. They have quite a few of their beers on tap for $5 a pint for most of them. Happy hour ranges from 11-7 and consists of a few of their selections for $4. Everyone behind the bar was very friendly and eager to suggest beers to you. They even let me have a free sticker! Ha! Definitely worth a visit and I will be visiting again.
Ah Rudz. Rudyard's isn't a place you go seeking out the finest beer or food. It's a place you go with your friends to have a good time. Darts and billiards upstairs contribute to this. They do have shows upstairs, so if you're there on one of those nights it can be noisy. Selection is fine. I was there about a week ago and recall seeing Real Ale on tap among others, though I stuck to Lone Star as I usually do when I go to Rudyard's. The staff are friendly, and I actually know a guy who works there.
I visited the restaurant/brewery for dinner on a Thursday night. All tables and bar stools were full at about 7:00 when I arrived. I had to wait approximatley 15-20 minutes for a table but it was not bad. 
Small beer-geek taproom in industrial park south of Las Vegas. A dozen assorted beers on tap, the three I had were very good. Comfortable friendly vibe, good service. Sell single bottles and can. Good time.
I've visited Maduro about four or five times over several trips to Madison, 'bout time I reviewed this gem. I'm sure some of the local reviewers can offer a little more info, but this place certainly deserves some props.
For shopaholics, Robson Street is the place to go in Vanocuver. For shopaholics who happen to also be alcoholics, there's Fogg 'n Suds. It's a little further west of "where the action is", and while the place is upstairs, signs are visible for the place on the street.
Went after lunch on a Wednesday and the place was about 3/4 full with 3 servers working. Had the worst service at any brewery I've ever been to. We sat for 10 minutes before a guy that was not our server came to our table. He took our beer orders and said he would pass it to our server who was supposedly swamped but able to carry conversations with some tables. Took another 20 minutes to get our beer after we had to remind someone to remind our server to get us beer and finally come by!. There was a good selection with 7 taps for Haymarket brews and the rest being guest taps. Beer was ok. Nothing stand out and nothing worth waiting 30 minutes for. Not coming back and I'd just recommend everyone go to Revolution or Half Acre instead for way better beer and service.
If you ever find yourself in Greensboro, M'couls is the pub to visit. As authentic as you can get, decor wise. A great, dark, cozy little spot. Downstairs there is a great patio outside, inside is non-smoking. A decent sized bar with, I believe, over 10 taps, Guinness, Beamish and Murphy's never leave. Large booths. Upstairs is a large bar and room, and a big balcony. Beer selection is best in town, and most are beers you want to actually drink (no macro-brews on tap). I can't say enough good things about the place; I spend waaay too much money there, but it's always worth it. As of right now, they have Fullers ESB on tap, a favorite of mine.
Stopped into Weiland's this morning just to check it out. Pretty good beer selection here, both domestic and imports. A greater selection of many beers that you might find at a Giant Eagle or something, Bell's, Founder's (though no Breakfast Stout that I saw), some Great Divide, AleSmith, Southern Tier, Victory, Anchor, also the standards like DFH, Great Lakes, Rogue, etc. Also spotted some Rochefort and St. Bernardus as well. 
It is time I updated my old review from back in 09. When I first visited this was a much smaller spot selection wise. One that has continued to grow and built a great base in the shadows of a huge liquor company a few miles away.
This place was named one of the top 100 beer bars in the country, oh, and it's only ONE YEAR OLD. The team here really has some amazing chemistry. beer knopwledge overflows not only from the beer tender who is busy, but just turn and ask the guy next to you. it's a bar full of people who LOVE beer. 
Went to Portland, Maine for the first time ever and we decided to eat at Sebago Brewery on Fore Street. The restaurant was split between the bar area and a nice and quiet restaurant section. The quiet atmosphere was definitely appealing since we had our infant with us. Service was attentive, even though we felt far away. I liked the overall pub menu and decided to have the seafood bake, which was decently hearty with good sides of potatoes and peas. The beer was pretty good. I had their Simmer Down Summer Ale and then their Fyre's Leap IPA. The Simmer Down was definitely my favorite of the two. The prices were fair for a restaurant in a downtown location and my wife and I, overall, had a good supper here.
I Originally came here just for the home brew supplies but stayed for a beer or two. This seems to be a tight knight family run business/Bar. The family dog cruises around playing with its toys. Locals that swing bye for a beer and to catch some of the game. A very friendly "local" atmosphere, Very welcoming. Very informative and helpful with any questions about all aspects of beer and brewing. Seem to be one of those businesses out there to help develop and set a good example about the craft/home brew movement. Will definitely be going back... soon.
Stopped in here while spending a night in Nashville recently. The vibe is very chill. There is a good amount of space inside and outside for seating. The service was awesome here. The selection was impressive, lots of beers to choose from. I really enjoyed Southern Grist. If I were to be in the Nashville area again I would gladly stop back in again.
Vibe: This place is located near the National Underground Railroad Museum about midway between Great American Ballpark and Paul Brown Stadium. I got here about 12:45 pm before a 4:00 Jets game and only had to wait 10 minutes for a table. The interior has a island bar in the center that is very long to accommodate all of the different taps. They have a lot of TVs in the bar and seating areas. If you sit at the south side of the building, you get a view of the Roebling Suspension Bridge and the Ohio River. 
This place was high on the to-visit list in Denver not only because of the beers, but also due to being featured on Man Vs Food. The restaurant/bar is located in the "Cherry Creek" area southeast of the city. It is on 2nd avenue and there is street and garage parking nearby. It is also a short walk to the mall.
I've never been to Munich, but visiting the Hofbrauhaus in Milwaukee certainly made me all the more desirous of visiting the Mecca of German beer. There's just something so eminently satisfying about drinking a rich, flavorful brew out of a hefty, dimpled liter mug. I had their Dunkel, which was incredibly smooth and delicious, and also sampled their original (Helles) and their hefe - both were great. Obviously it would be nice to have a selection beyond that of a single brewery, but Hofbrau has a very solid lineup. The spaetzle was tasty, and the "pound a nail into a stump with a big hammer on a heavy chain" game probably provided some of the best buzzed entertainment I've every enjoyed. All around, a fun place with good beer and great atmosphere.
Very nice, fairly upscale-type restaurant in Columbia. Beer list was very solid, with the big beer for me being Bourbon Barrel Ten Fidy. I was about to order a glass when the server said they offer flights of 5/5 oz beers. This was perfect for me as there were a couple beers I wanted, but couldn't drink much more than 1 12oz Ten Fidy. Anyway, the beer prices are fairly high per glass, but I thought the flight was a decent deal, especially with 2 barrel-aged beers in the flight I chose. 
Bar reminds of Alien meet Fraggle Rock on acid. Inside of Noc Noc is interesting with dark lighting and music lightly heard in the back round. Plenty of seating but a very small bar with awkward throne style seats hard to maneuver around when placing a drink order. Bartenders are quick and friendly and the beer selection is better than average. Noc Noc is a nice place when adding a bar after or before a stop at Toronado a few doors down. No food is served here but the Tamale lady comes in every now and then. You can also bring in food or at least they never said anything.