For a pizza place I didn't expect to see such a wide variety of beers on tap.
Beautiful 19th century stage house with a back drop of an airport, highway, and male strip club.
I was expecting a bit better when I stopped in.
The two times we went there parking wasn't much of an issue.
I walked here from Harvard Square, further than I thought it would be, so I got here with an appetite.
Julians is my favorite restaurant in Providence, and here's why:
Another thing is the fact they don't just have the usual crap lagers on tap
Went to a late lunch at brasserie beck on the reccomendation of a friend.
Not nearly as impressed as all of these reviews would suggest.
This is the latest contender for THE craft beer destination in Dublin, OH.
Spacious area in the back restaurant area.
As a bonus, the outdoor biergarden is very large and has live music at times in the warmer months.
8 options available including the always delicious lunch
The bar is is the back and can only seat about 6-8 comfortably.
I find that the hallway drinking area is just about the best in Bamberg (roomier than the others), the food good but not great
Both brewpubs have counter service only and an auxiliary banquet room.
BUT there was just a few pieces which consisted on mostly crumbs.
After doing a quick walk around, I was offered assistance.
Affordable for New York or most other major cities.
I feel that the prices are very good and I feel that I don't visit this Iron Hill enough because I live in walking distance from it.
We stopped here on a Monday afternoon to enjoy their beers and to have lunch.
They have a great selection of 50 tap beers which you can purchase flights of or pints.
Decent selection with some hidden gems that probably don't last too long on the shelves.
Ive wanted to visit this place for sometime now and after finally going
But, the Phillips IPA I had was extremely fresh and that scored points with me.
The reviews have been sketchy and sparse in recent years.
Either that or the East Valley crowd is seriously deprived of halfway decent drinking spots.
Atmosphere: a warehouse taproom offering views into an endless labyrinth of barrels, a very cool sight.
One thing that certainly was not cool, was the prices.
There were even some vegetarian food options.
Uber is a great little place with great atmosphere.
The upstairs is basically a role-model for frat-bar wannabees.
It used to be hardcore electronic music and a pretty good beer list.
An excellent taproom just off the Brown Line at Irving Park & Ravenswood.
Pretty basic setup inside the Warren location.
Stopped in for a post-dinner drink while walking down North Charles Street.
The food is incredible and the beer is delicious.
Just opened a couple of months ago and it is a very welcome spot in Bellevue.
Don't miss this place if you relate to the corner bar/college hangout atmosphere and impeccable beer choices!
A nice restaurant with quality and relatively inexpensive food.
At the bar, they have a good spread of beers at very SF prices.
They'll have pizza for happy hour and the place gets pretty filled up at night.
I quizzed them a bit on food/beer pairing
We were initially sitted in the back room.
Selection is pretty broad - encompassing IPAs, sours, fruited variations, tart saisons and, to fill in the gaps, a number of guest taps.
The beer quality and selection are great!
Lots of brick work on the walls and exposed ventilation ducts.
service and food were outstanding, however, the beer left me not wanting more.
This is a not-too-large brewpub with some extra seating outside.
The music playing is usually indie and the waitstaff tend to be 20-something hipsters.
Saisons for days and a few sours and hoppy items mixed in.
As Cincinnati starting exploding with new breweries, the west side got in on the act with, the apply named, West Side Brewing.
There are a number of small and some large tables around the bar area which can easily accommodate comfortable dining.
They don't get some of the limited releases and their import selection is quite lacking, though.
If you read the previous reviews, you will see words like 'alright' and 'decent'.
The beer selection is top notch with a wide variety of styles including malty beers, hoppy beers, wheat beers, and Belgian style beers.
It was really good and tasted super fresh.
Stopped in here on my lastnight in Clearwater.
The bartenders always seem to be knowledgeable enough to tell you about the new taps.
They lacked an interesting depth and complexity.
And then today, while Ben worked, Bethy & I laughingly (Ha Ha!) took the mulligan and returned to drink beer...
Certificates on the wall and comments online praised the burgers.
This was one of the first places I checked out in Grand Rapids.
Lots of industry people visit this place.
they don't really speak English but are otherwise helpful.
My friends and I came for the Sours, and we weren’t disappointed.
i dont know why or how it has taken me so long to finally make it in here to check it out, but the beer is expert, maybe the best german beer happening in the state
The noise does not matter though when you choosing from over 75 beers on tap and an amazing bottle list.
The place is kind of sprawling with a couple of outdoor areas, dedicated eating areas and nice high ceiling bar area.
later, start looking over the menu for some awesome food and beer.
Killer beer, respect the willingness to go out to left field, even on the misses.
Tap list is solid, but the real reason for going was to taste Samuel Adams Utopias; the 2011 vintage was available as a 1 oz pour.
The menu is creative but not pretentious so you have to ask what anything is.
Work at a bar that serves Busch light in the can then a brewery.
It's tucked away and near the Grote Markt...
Unfortunately, I did not stay long enough in Vegas to test that out, so I'll have to check the menu again when I return on my next trip.
The Workhorse IPA did not seem hoppy enough for an IPA, but it was still a good beer.
The premier beer bar in Southern California.
They also had O'Brien's anniversary beers on tap from Alpine and Societe.
As someone who's in the area only every few months, I was thrilled to stumble upon a one stop location for tons of taps and great food.
The Meanwhile is easily one of my favorite bars in Grand Rapids.
they didnt seem to be taking a ton of crazy chances in the brew house, but everything they had on was to a high quality even if it was a little safe overall.
A bit obnoxious on the decor, but expected for a craft beer spot on a college campus.
It's an older bar, but that is part of its charm.
They know how to brew great beer, I just wish they had more options and that the rest of the experience was improved.
It is very small and tight for space, but has a lot of character.
the blackened chicken with mango salsa was tasty and my girlfriend had something she liked too
Some music playing in the background, but it is loud in here from all the people talking.
They boast of 80 bottles, but the draft list by itself is enough for a couple nights of drinking.
Tons of local beers on-tap and some world class pizza sitting out back.
We sat outside in the patio area, and it was absolutely fantastic.
Went to the Farmhouse twice on my last trip to Burlington.
That the bathrooms are easy to spot and access doesn't hurt either!
My second visit to this brewpub, thought I'd better review it:
They do have Yazoo, a local beer, although more and more bars around the city are starting to sell some of the Yazoo brews.
but you can't have it all (kidding, I know he will see this).
Oh, and a giant inflatable projection TV in the back.
but what bar isn't in the Tobacco Capital of America?
The day we went, they happened to have a 13% Scotch ale and it sold out in a couple hours because, as I was informed, its almost unheard of in that area.
The staff at Riverside is always willing to help, and if need be they will special order any beer, liquor, or wine that is not yet on their shelves.
Just show up and you can find a lawyer, professor, college student, or even a biker to have a great conversation over cold beer with!
Only downside is that the prices are a bit high.
The tap and bottle selection was small but very well chosen, and I bought a few bottles that I will never find in CO
It’s packed ALL the time, and they did so well in their first year that they expanded.
Not a bad place overall, just seems like they cater more towards the porters.
Nothing too distinguishing, but not dirty
I called ahead and they had it waiting for me.
Did not try any grub, but it did look good...
All in all it was a great atmosphere with an extensive menu of food and beer and I would return upon my next visit to Brugge.
This is my go-to spot in the Raleigh area.
It's well worth a visit and works perfectly with a trip to Tasty.
The service is hip, friendly, and informal.
It's not often that my girlfriend tells me about a brewery in our area that I've never heard of, much less urges me to go.
very so-so, I found almost all of the beers very commercial and disappointing.
The location was fairly dark inside and surprisingly cool with the air conditioners working overtime.
Went here with pbr85 and had a very pleasant experience.
Dotty Dumplings used to be off State St. near the Capitol.
Because it is so small, sitting options are limited when trying to settle down and concentrate on their great beers.
We entered through the bar area and were pleased with what we saw.
Highly recommend checking this place out!
The place is packed, as is expected to be during the biggest sporting event in the world.
The IPA's are hazy, turbid, and usually average or there about.
The beer list has plenty to interest me and their food is great.
An upscale pizza joint with an emphasis on craft beer.
Food is great, making it a worthy stop for someone seeking a quality meal or beer.
I have been to Gallo's on many occasions, but have yet to submit a review.
I used to live half a block away from the Lydnale Bulldog
The entire establishment is non-smoking, and the restaurant is vocally environmentally-conscious the decisions they make regarding their operation.
The food has been average to good, but the brunch is great.
For such a small town, I could not believe the selection they had.
They alwasys have an excellent selection of cold and regular bottles plus something fun to try in the tasting room.
The sushi here is as far from traditional as it gets, but still tasty.
The beers that I tried were outstanding, I think I had an IPA and a red.
They even occasionally get some special release beers in like Stone's Enjoy By.
The less said about this place, the better, so I'll keep it simple.
Was here for a wedding "rehearsal" dinner with about 25 other people, had a few tables set aside for us.
But, ultimately, if you are new or old to an interest in craft beer, this place is a must-visit when in Seattle.
The first is live on the site now at http://locapour.tv/austin/512ipa
A free shuffleboard table is always a nice touch too.
The place is clean with a good selection of malts and hops.
I had a couple of decent beers and some really lame wings, before heading out somewhat dissapointed
Back in town, this strip mall of crazy, and parking, more so, hunted out
The food was excellent....had the three meat....pork, ribs and brisket....
The 4.0 I gave the atmosphere is a combination of the beer garden and the inside.
Another time, they didn't know the prices of the beers I brought to the cash, and they didn't know what they priced items that were on their own shelves...not cool.
At the time of writing this, I have just recently moved to Edmonton.
Beer is usually above average with something always very good.
A very friendly staff and a very handsome looking bar.
The brewery can be seen downstairs through glass (kind of like barleys).
These guys have a ton of style options as well as a ton of Yeti variations - there were 4 when I was in last!
The best way for me to explain this place is to say it's the only place I could find that could get a 1/2 barrel of Spaten Premium Lager.
Spent a night in the hotel, and had drinks and some food downstairs.
Many seasonal and local brews on hand ranging for all tastes.
Acme had a good vibe, typical of most sports bars.
The atmosphere was casual, but in a fun and exciting way.
It is hard to find a nice "mind blowing" beer here.
Lots of wooden tables inside, slight row of bar seats outside, but no tables or close bar service.
Relatively standard pricing for the Los Angeles area.
Wait staff was great and offered suggestions based on our likes, dislikes which was good.
Try to get there before the throng and get the comfortable seats near the fireplace.
Restaurant was kind of empty and saw no bottles at any table, Ordered the Hop Devil and food.
I got the Grilled Cheese and my wife got the meatloaf, we both left full and happy.
Tasting room is nice size with room at the bar and tables.
But all in all a nice place i would definitely frequent more often if I lived closer to it.
This is a mid-size neighborhood grocery store that carries mostly specialty foods and drinks.
right in the heart of old Portsmouth, the location is unbeatable.
I also tried their Double Chocolate and Lindemann's Framboise mix; I think they called it a Red and Black.
I go to Shawan one or twice a week to stock up on some mixed six packs and some bombers.
The Bronx Ale House is one of those places that surprises by its very existence, but exceeds anything that I could have imagined.
If you want to try something out of your comfort zone, Jim is the guy to talk to for recommendations (he doesn't work Wednesdays).
Prices are average maybe a bit higher, handful of random mix of locals bottles.
lots of flavored stuff in here too, some much better than others...
Atmosphere - Located on Frenchman Street in the Faubourg Marigny, d.b.a.
The people are vary knowledgeable and always willing to help you out.
There's a small but excellent selection of the best beers on the Belgian market, including some of Rudys own house beers which I personally have tried and enjoyed.
One of the bevy of breweries in the Ballard area.
Worth a stop, but the other brewpubs about have improved their own brews more.
Ironically, a small collection of different glassware, scattered behind the bar, was used for decoration than for serving.
The decor is furnished with giant wooden tables, exposed beams, mounted deer heads.
Not much parking spaces (but we were riding the hotel shuttle).
Definatley a place to stop if you have a layover or just arrive early.
They also have a very good selection of singles-
Good selection was very interesting as well as very tasty
But it's good to know it's here if you happen to be on this side of town.
I went here after a suggestion of the bartender at Pour 24 in the NY NY casino.
I was blown away when I entered this place.
Two Beers shares their tasting room, called The Woods, with Seattle Cider Company.
Central Market is the only one I believe that comes close, but the selection of foreign beers available at Mr. G's blows it away.
The waitress kept us informed about the wait time, and seated us quickly.
The Judge's Bench is cozy, approachable, unassuming.
After a few of these beerhalls, my ears were ringing.
About 50 beers on tap, a pretty solid selection.
Pretty small, though this is a microbrewery.
i did enjoy the berliner quite a lot too, and see they have some other non hoppy stuff in their lineup as well.
it seems like an old abandoned factory or something, and the brewery must occupy a very small part of it, plenty of room to expand, this place is sprawling.
The pizza is sooo good, thin and floppy and very very tasty.
Stopped by Karbach during business trip to Houston.
A longish bar greets you as you make you way to the tables area out back.
The atmosphere is casual and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about every tap and pour.
The bartender was friendly and helpful, and she knew her beer.
A wide variety of great sours, some cool vintages of older beers and some standard IPAs and stouts they've started offering recently.
The store is large and has a huge selection of craft beer, large domestically produced beer (e.g. Buds, Coors, Miller, etc.), and imports.
This is really a nice touch and helps set up for the atmosphere inside.
Greensboror really does seem to have a really nice scene going here.
Though there are a few bad eggs working here, there are some people that are nice and actually know what they are talking about.
say I spotted a Cantillon 375ml, but I'm still not sure), but I never got a good look or asked about it.
Singles in the cooler were grouped by style, which was good to see.
The father then went around to each table asking them if their kid was bothering them, because he was "bothering us" (these are all his words).
it's received in the past few years, and time spent there with more recent coworker cohorts.
In otherwords, for me, this place has gone up a little from the Brick.
It's a great neighborhood growler shop were
Excellent selection of equipment and ingredients for a local HBS.
It didn't bother me but that's mostly because I was mesmerized by the De Struise.
They have a great guest beer selection and also a top notch Scotch selection.
Let me begin by observing that Florida in general is a wasteland for good beer.
I was down there for the Corvallis Beer Tap Takeover and for a Thursday, the place was packed!
I've been shopping at Otto's on Oakland fairly regularly for the past five years.
They have a good Brown, Red, Porter, and a GREAT Hop Dog beer.
plenty of big TVs, ample room on a week night, pool table, etc., but they have a good selection of good beer.
Beautifully done by them with bottle coolers on the left, incredibly nice restrooms, a second level with skeet ball and darts along with many tables.
I find it somewhat repulsive that the beers being sold (for non-diners)
well designed, tasty food, and has a great beer list.
Only down sides may be the crowds that flock here during busy times, and the fact that the prices are a bit high ($26 for a 375ml Hanssens lambic?
Layout confusing and hard to get to the bar area to order beers, but place was packed and seemed to have good atmosphere.
i have been many times and finally thought i should review... as you have read from many people the tap and cask list is always rotating.
The beer selection, at least coming from Texas, was very impressive.
My recommendation for people who go is to definitely be open to trying some of their new experimental beers but get at least one classic in case you don't like the others.
The Bend Brewing Company, or BBC as it is known, is situated in the heart of Bend just a frisbee toss from the Deschutes River.
the bar is tiny, just a handful of seats there and around the tiny taproom, with a real working brewery feel, equipment visible in the back.
Value, food was very reasonable while the beer was a little more expensive.
Great brewery that opened in February of 2017.
They had no clue, but it was right across the hall.
Not as much beer as I was expecting, but they do have some beers I didn't see anywhere else.
I'm pretty sure he gave us a few beers for free.
Something about this place just missed the mark for me.
The service is always spot on--Crystal is awesome, always ready to call or text her brewery reps to see what's coming in, and when.
Luckily we had the address for otherwise we would have driven right by, hidden as it is as a house in a very residential area.
The scallops were great, the muscles were not.
It gets packed so it's a bit tight in the bar sometimes
Prices are a touch higher then some other stores in the Portland area
The selection is almost entirely craft, and they serve in appropriate glasses.
Best waitress ever -- passionate about the beer and food and making sure we were taken care off.
I like the place, frankly because my wife likes to go there as well
The focus of the selection is on wine, but one and a half long aisles are dedicated to beer, with the top shelf of one aisle saved for a diverse mix six selection.
That the restaurant was completely over-crowded just adds to my respect of their servicing abilities.
By the way my friends talked about it, there was almost a mystical anticipation by the time I actually visited the Kennedy School.
The beer selection was pretty good, with everything from Victory to Custom Brewcrafters on tap.
Seriously though, the place is huge and growing every day.
ask him to mix you two beers together you will not be disappointed.
Thanks to the great review by jjboesen, my work here is almost done.
Either way, its still nice to have a great selection in the neighborhood.
This is definitely not the place to go if you are looking for a true "draft house".
A meetup spot, but a cool mixed scene of hipsters, metal punk kids, goth kids, bike messengers etc.
The service at the shop was great and I couldn't ask for more in that regard.
Plenty to look at while you're downing liter mugs (also available in half liters and boots).
On the far right of the store there was even a nice selection of glassware available.
Great thin crust, New Haven style pizza bucks the Chicago deep-dish trend, but I'd rather be eating the thin stuff when drinking any day .
Seemed like a nice little place with a decent, if not average selection of regional brews.
and there for any new beers they are making.
I don't know why you would be there though if you didn't want to try a beer.
To me that was probably the most stupid question you could ask somebody sitting at the bar.
The food is also great, we had the steak/Gorganzola nachos and the shrimp tacos as well as the proscuttio/chicken pesto pizza.
This is a very attractive place: there is the bar area , sleek, intimate and comfortable with folks on dates, hanging out or just relaxing with some fresh brew.
This really is a must for anyone visiting the area and probably would be my first stop if I were in the area again.
Highly recommended for the beer and the food.
Well, I found this place on BA on a recent trip to Rhode Island.
Cozy, but that means a little crowded too.
Didn't get to enjoy any of the local food truck as it was pulling up as I was leaving.
I had some sort of spicy pork roll thing that was pretty damn good.
I felt like pricing was good for the selection and inventory they carry.
Colter Bay is a good place to grab a beer and a casual dinner...
they are making some decent beers, but for us it was more about the experience.
My wife had the monkfish entree which she liked.
This is a fantastic place to simply have fun.
Not a single Harvard professor or student in sight.
so the crowed is mostly college students.
we had the IPA and it was very good more hoppy than malt tasty and tropical
The name is a bit misleading, as this place has not actually brewed beer for many years.
Visited with friends on a hot Saturday afternoon.
Nice variety overall but finding things like Pliny for $14-$15 per bottle was not worth it.
Classic old school far furniture and wood accents give it a welcoming feeling.
While on a self made San Diego brewery/beer tour, made a stop in here.
Full of beer enthusiasts, including the bartenders, and while I was there, friendly expats and Danes.
I will give this another chance on a night that is not Wednesday.
sampled forbidden fruit and spuyten duyvil which were both OK.
It has a patio and excellent craft beers on tap.
The beer selection is generally only a half dozen or so of their beers on tap at a time, but they have a well stocked bar in addition to their regular offerings.
Fried chicken on Monday as a special; huge fantastic hamburger; great sides (my daughter and wife live for the mac and cheese!)
This is great great because they post new items or limited items they got for the day.
it's just never been in the cards for me until last week.
They get a very good selection of beer (don't know about the wines as they sell that too).
My first impression of the place was that it looked fantastic!
We actually just randomly found it because we saw people sitting outside eating.
My favorites were Woke and Rainbow Sherbet.
The airport itself is not sprawling so you can easily reach here from most gates.
But that is a reflection of the region and most likely their customers tastes.
There is a reason why this place is rated one of the best beer bars in the U.S., it is a great experience.
they actually brew great beer I tried all of their selection at the time
I did not find one negative about this place...seriously.
The vibe is cool...neat decor nice location.
Friendly service offers about 8 beers on tap - IPA heavy, but good variety in between.
Looks like a regular convenience mart from the outside.
On an August 2018 visit they had 12 beers on tap, with some of these and some additional brews available in cans or bottles.
An Average slection and Average selection of beer.
They have a local BBQ outfit running the food concession.
This place amazed me with it's superb selection.
The restaurant is pretty generic, but the outside area has more character to it.
Very small microbrewery that has a beer hall feel to it.
There is a lot of street parking around but it may be hard to find an open meter depending on what day it is.
This far out, it'd be a shame not to take in the sights.
recommend this place for a good local craft beers
We have been going here for a few years annually, Vermont Brewers Fest weekends.
Yes, but it's still a budget buster come time to pay the bill.
Didn't really have any better beer while I was there, but the place was pretty busy, good vibe going on.
Nice bar inside, tables and barrels to stand or sit at out front and in the beer garden out back.
There are always an incredible amount of drafts to choose from and always many cask selections which is one of the biggest selling points for me.
Another one of those spots that I'll drop into, but won't make a special trip for.
It recently opened October 25th to be exact and I was there.
A place to drink at and bring out and its right across the street from another great bar.
Once was a rehearsal lunch and the next was brunch the morning after.
I got a great burger and the others in my party really enjoyed their food as well.
This place is a nice place to go to if one is in the mood for dogfish brewing beers.
The atmosphere of this place is very simple, there isn't really any art or anything on the walls.
Then all of a sudden we rounded a corner and we saw people drinking.
There are two tables right next to the beer shelves.
Probably the most under rated bottle shop in the area IMHO.
I don't eat meat, so I bristled a bit when my colleagues told me this was the place they'd decided we would all sup.
Touristy tasting room with a gift shop sort of vibe and somewhat creative self-guided tour of brewery.
The staff are knowledgeable and friendly and prices are reasonable
Food is the best, many people here just for the food, then discouver the amazing beers.
Tap and bottle/can selection is fairly varied although the back bar was not open on last visit.
One of many great beer spots I visited on Manhattan.
Despite being much much larger than the rest, this place matches many of the other Asheville beer spots by being off the beaten path and pretty unmarked when you get to it.
I try to find fault when I'm tempted to give a rating of 5 in any category.
They have an outdoor patio that is A) awesome in the day, and B) also awesome at night if you can get a seat near the fire pit.
For a place that serves burgers ($9) they go over board on using big white plates.
Beer selection was mostly Heavy Seas, but they also featured about 3 guest taps.
Each sample seemed to be very light bodied for each style, and had a unpleasant taste that was consistent through each beer, though I'm unsure what it was about.
Dartboards, couple pinball machines (soon to be opening a whole arcade room next door), clean bathroom.
They are expanding and I can only guess that with more room the company will explode.
I've been to the Big Buck a few times over the course of my travels to Dallas.
On York Road, basically you're in Towson at this point.
We were lucky to be in Cleveland at such a good time, because the night we were there, the Cavs beat the Pistons and took the East.
But as the months have smoothed the edges off, this strip mall brewer is really hitting its stride.
Unfortunately for us we were there in the off season and it was a cold and rainy day
They serve some of my all time favorites on draft including Stoudt's Double IPA and Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA.
The indoor seating is good but usually crowded downstairs.
Prices are really reasonable, so it's affordable to drink good stuff.
It will always be busy and loud, not quite a place to chill at, but its serves its purpose.
I enjoy the fact that the music is not so loud as to discourage conversation.
my whole life I have become rather familiar with CABCO, and from my many visits I have come to the same conclusion, I can not fathom why I keep coming back.
In Phoenix this is known as the best place for a gourmet burger, and the best place that is actually open late (2am most nights).
Olga and I headed over here for brunch Sunday morning.
They also have a growler filling station.
A narrow place with a good beer selection.
Westover Market has one of the better selections in the DC metro area.
On my visit, many of the regular beers were out.
Called ahead and was seated as soon as we got there, though it was crowded and got more so before we left.
" It is one of my fave places to eat and drink, and a regular lunch stop!
This place was one of the more "atmospheric" pubrestaurants I've been to in NY.
The staff was accommodating while giving you your space, and even helped me wrap my haul in bubble wrap when I mentioned I would be traveling with it.
It seems in recent years the seasonals have improved and new tappings occur more frequently.
Second stop on a Thursday afternoon after Mikkeller mother ship.
This brewery brings a new element to beer in America.
A liquor store (Tops) and a beer/wine bar (Taste of Tops)
A very unique, old building in which it is very dark.
(There are stacks of economy domestic cases tucked in the corner, and a rotating selection of six packs and singles in the cooler.)
When I arrived the place was packed, except for the bar which was near the back.
In addition, they have other local Fort Collins favorites from New Belgium and other Colorado breweries.
The centerpiece behind the bar is a large old display of a German beer wagon being pulled by horses.
service was awesome, friendly and informative, and more than happy to share samples, even pull samples from the back to taste.
Visited during COVID on a Sunday, noonish as the turnaround in my run.
Was rolling back from Yakima after the barleywine cabin fest when I decided I needed to pick up some souvenirs.
Had the Rude Boy Rya and Apocalypse IPA on nitro.
The owner is extremely knowledgeable about the brew he sells and was open to recommending different types of brew.
2011 BA Yeti, 2011 BA Hibernation, 2011 BA Old Ruffian, 2007 Raison d’Extra, lots of Avery BA Series stuff, FW 16, etc.
The Wilky has one of the better selection of craft beers in Brooklyn, including a few that are off the beaten path.
Almost, but not nearly enough so to want to relocate my life there,
I would be there way to much for my wifes liking though,friendly and authentic a real winner in Greensboro.
Meanwhile, you're surrounded by high-end shopping and boutique stores.
Last night I had the New Belgium Bierre de Mars from the Lips of Faith series and the West End was the first place I ever tried Pliny the Elder back in October of last year.
I visited Local Brewing last night; it is a lively place in the immediate post-work hours.
Crescent City to me is a one and done place.
The wife and I decided to explore Manayunk and hit some bars and stores along the main street.
Sort of a wester BBQ version of the burger but was awesome.
Or you can drive on over to Total Wine at san Tan.
I really just wanted the coffee beer from the start and to move onto conversation with my friends.
Food is almost always tasty and reasonably priced with an emphasis on local and vegetarian options.
I made it to Copenhagen and spared no time in seeking this place out.
For being underground the place was well lit and clean.
Very small bar/resturant in a strip mall overlooking where the oyster river terminates at Long Island Sound.
The bartender was friendly and accommodating.
Easy off the highway location, clean, light, industrial,large room with large TV screens, high cielings, fermenters and brewing equipment visable through huge windows.
I love pretty much everything they offer.
The selection was poor, I asked the owner if there was anywhere nearby that had a better selection, and was told that this was the best in San Antonio.
I tasted four different beers and loved three of them (the other wasn't bad, but not quite what I wanted it to be).
Almost 400 drafts total, which is insane, especially when you consider 150 or so of those are NC beers.
I visited Seehaus beer garden after spending some time at the Chinesischer Turm, a pleasant walk away.
so when I was in St. Paul last week, a buddy of mine and I stopped in.
Great beer selection with regular deliveries of Lawson's and Alchemist.
Came in after dinner next door and pleasantly surprised.
Stopped in on the way through Ann Arbor for a business trip.
Cool historic location and right there on Franklin street by the school.
Bartenders are great, waitstaff can be slow on busy nights.
but yes I will keep coming back for the selection.
Food is typical pub food, not as good as BJ's and
The best place by far in oldskool Chula Vista.
Other than a small meeting that was taking place, we were the only other clients as it was just opening.
I stopped in last night (July 8th) after going to see the Rangers vs. Angels.
Helpful if you like a little more elbow room.
The grogginess that I'm experiencing is of the samplers at 2 brewpubs and haven't really eaten enough combo variety.
As others have said, this has come a long way, particularly regarding the quality of the beer.
Even considering the size of the place it was packed, even though it was a Tuesday night.
The beers are very good overall and they have a selection of about 10 different brews they are pouring at any time.
Just driving through German Village on the brick roads to get there brings back so many memories.
I can easily get on my own - I'll pay a pretty penny if it is a rare beer).
The beer is good, but not legendary and the service was decent if a bit slow.
But set up in a way where a majority of people can all interact with each other.
but she found a second choice more her liking.
There are some other beers here that I have not seen at Specs, HEB, or D&Q.
The walk-in part of the cooler has the prime selection.
Down in Flowida for my annual run around with old friends who seem to have gotten younger since moving down here.
This is the place to hit after a visit to the Geffen Contemporary, so long as they get their food issues worked out.
This is a beer bar and bottle shop with a small selection of some decent (albeit few choices) bar food.
It looked like it used to be a chain restaurant
it's right next to the north transept of the cathedral, 75 yards or so east of the Paters Vatje.
There used to be next to nothing there, and you didn't want to be there either, but that's changed, and at least in part due to Crime & Punishment, so kudos to them.
This place is really great when it comes to a beer destination.
If I ever go to this place again, which I doubt, I will ask my wife to go get the drinks and see if she fares any better.
Large service bar on the left and a few picnic tables in large open area.
they had a good selection of brews, all the standard stuff a light, a red, a porter, an ipa, etc etc etc.
No really diamonds in the rough or foreign imports
The service is faster than i have ever seen.
A pretty cool location a very long and skinny building.
Both the brewers had successful careers before moving into brewing.
This is a great store to get your seasonal releases (Nugget Nectar, Hopslam, etc.), as they often get many cases and impose no limits.
Great building with a big wide open tasting room & lots of free parking.
I have known these guys since I was a kid.
However, I did get some free tasters so that was nice.
Based on my first visit this place is overrated.
I finally gave up and went to the bar, where I was served fairly quickly.
The atmosphere is generally low-key/laid back however the place gets loud and busy on Friday and Saturday evenings with a very diverse crowd.
Over the past couple of years, it has dropped a few notches.
but I feel like they're an unsung hero in the Largo/St. Pete/Tampa area.
The sandwiches were interesting and very good, and the poutine was easily the best I've had outside of Montreal.
I can't comment much on the food either because I just had a few appetizers.
We went here four nights in a row, Tuesday-Friday in Sept 2012.
The pub is in the basement of an old building.
Puerto Rico is absolutely the best shop in the city.
I was curious after I saw that Kawa stocked Mikkeller Beer Geek Brunch (Weasel)
The tasting/bar for this brewery is at the distribution/brewing warehouse.
Fermentoren before dinner, then a tasting menu at Relais and then back to the hotel.
For beer, you'll see a brief listing of six beers on tap.
Large facility to hang out and definitely good vibe from people.
This place has really made an effort in the past couple of years to be a leading presence in the Grand Rapids beer scene.
This brewery is located smack dab in the middle of downtown Chicago.
This is probably as close to Scotland as I have ever been.
I only really go around the beer section so my review will stick to that.
Bring your wallet, as the prices are a bit high but not unreasonable.
You can get a beer on tap and walk around the store drinking it and look at the selection.
I liked plenty, but didn't fall in love with any.
and it was a perfect way to start the evening.
Great place to stop for a quality beer when at the Charlotte airport.
The bartenders are friendly, prompt, and very helpful.
They've roped off the parking lot and set up picnic tables, lots of people bring their dogs...
Big fan of Plan B in West Hartford, now branching out to Simsbury.
This is the one bar you have to go to in Brooklyn.
They have an eclectic mix of drafts and really good food.
Very nice tap list but ridiculous prices.
The godfathers of the modern Houston beer culture.
The aisles are very small, and it's always very cramped-
(La Jolla-UTC to be exact) about two months ago, and since then I've visited O'Brien's Pub on at least three different occasions.
They're good and nice people, but the brewery's offerings have never impressed me.
I've noticed HEB brand products at Central Market before and they were more expensive
We went to the Cask Pub based on reviews here and had a fantastic time.
Other patrons tend to agree this is a favorite local place in comparison to nearby competitors.
It's not the best selection,but for the area and the size of the place it does have an excellent selection.
Across from the outlet malls, this is an island location in a strip mall.
Popped in on a Friday evening after walking around DC for a few hours.
You will meet all kinds of people out there both locals and tourists.
Interior is kind of boring, but overall location is killer so that improves vibe score.
The two side porticos of this beautiful old building were hacked up-
Not because this store had anything the other one didn't, but because this is a Beer Advocate's store in a very literal sense.
The Flying Saucer is a conveniently located beer bar in downtown Ft.
So going during off-peak hours is usually the best bet.
Music is way too loud and the bartop is typically sticky.
The place looks good with lots of exposed brick and beams, and there's some nice outdoor seating when the weather cooperates.
I had two beers Southern Tier UberSun and Tyranena "Devil Over A Barrel" Coffee Imperial Oatmeal Porter.
The ribs and homemade fries are also quite good.
But, even with the large amount of seating options, the place is still relatively full due to it's quality beers.
This is a newer place in the area and is, as far as I know, the only place with a decent beer selection.
The beer selection is great, 50 beers on tap, two on cask at all times, and a healthy bottle list.
None-the-less, it did have a well worn historic feel.
They ranged from IC oysters for $2 a pop up to some for $3.50 each.
This place is a neighborhood market with what looks like a nice selection of groceries for those that live local.
Award-winning wine selection and large liquor area hide a very impressive micro/craft beer collection.
Bright screens greet you at an awkward U-shaped bar where you're forced to either stare at the screens or the people sitting across from you.
One of the more beautiful places I have been to.
(It could have been recalled by Gary, but he wasn't interested in this option either.
A long wooden bar greets you as you walk in.