[('Located in a fairly cramped basement space that gets pretty stuffy especially if there are a lot of people in there. If you are claustrophobic it is probably not the best place for you. Taplist was just eh so we stayed just to check it out and left shortly after.', {'entities': []}), ("This is review is based on two past experiences at both the Addison and Arlington Sherlock's. As mentioned below these are pick up bars. And if you like fighting for drinks, dancing in cramped spots, and poor service this is your place. I don't think there should be any comparison to the Flying Saucer, a short walk away. Though I do remember a step above your typical BMC bar selection, (think Chimey, Stella, etc,) this place wouldn't go down in my book as a beer bar, and I would be disappointed if I went into this place thinking such.", {'entities': []}), ("multiply every trip i've ever taken to Milwaukee by 2. This is the number of times i have driven by this place and never stopped. Located on a hill overlooking scenic I-94, the Delafield Brewhaus towers over passerbys, but still, i had never stopped.", {'entities': []}), ("Most people seem to like Holiday. I used to until I started buying keg beer. I have experienced terrible customer service by their beer buyer (Mark) who didn't follow-up with the brewer to ensure my keg was delivered as promised. Instead, I was told too bad so sad and they tried to upsell me on a completely different beer style and brewer. No thanks. They didn't even offer to follow-up with the brewer to arrange an expedited reshipment. They didn't do a thing, which is strange for a small business. I recommend you buy keg beer from Lena's Liquor in Escondido or BevMo before going with Holiday after this latest customer service snafu.", {'entities': []}), ("walked down Fayetteville street through the aftermath of SparkCon attempting to locate Foundation, passing it twice, before spotting the case of stairs leading underneath the building of what looked to be some sort of theatre group - maybe the groups of people seated outside should have been a clue, the guy checking ID's had to run downstairs to make sure they were still letting people in - maybe annoying to some but it's great to see lest the place fill with the overflow of the clusterfuck Raleigh Times has become, seemed limited to just a few more people than available chairs", {'entities': []}), ("Came here a while ago but forgot to review it. It looks like a one-man show. He has all grain & kits as well. Looks like a workshop when you enter. It took quite a while for him to get to me as he was busy doing something else. He was nice about it but for someone new to the homebrew scene, it was long before i could ask some questions. There were some books there that i was tempted on buying. He seems to know what he's talking about though it seems expensive. I might check him out again once i find room to homebrew.", {'entities': []}), ('I\'ve been routinely disappointed with the service here, sometimes waiting 40 minutes to be served, including having my family of 4 have our order lost, twice. When I complained I was told, "it\'s not fast food" which after waiting 40 minutes felt just like being trolled.', {'entities': []}), ("I am in Boulder at least once a year, and each time I make it a priority to drink here. The food is decent; it doesn't change my overall impression. The batter on the fish and chips is odd, but not disagreeable. The buffalo burger is probably required by state law to be on the menu (just kidding) and it is good.", {'entities': []}), ('A - Union Station Brewery appears to be a very comfortable place. It is situated in a area with other popular eateries and has some outdoor seating. The inside looked clean and well-decorated. We ate outside.', {'entities': []}), ('I prefer the Wilmington Riverfront location to this one particularly during the school year. The college girls coming in and walking by outside are nice to look at, but the quality of service seems to go down a bit during the school season. The food is really good and reasonably priced. The beer selection is decent. They offer only Iron Hill beers. They typicaly have the regulars with 3-4 seasonals on the menu. I have heard they sometimes have casks, but I have yet to be around when it was available. I would recommend Iron Hill to someone who happened to be in the University of Delaware area.', {'entities': []}), ("Down on Fremont, this brewery is fine but has a limited selection. It's a smaller place, and the quality of the brews is average. There are some interesting beer to chose from however. Worth a visit if you are here already.", {'entities': [(0, 15, 'Location'), (74, 81, 'Feature')]}), ('Bunker is stand alone building, think small garage with brewing equipment in it. Huge outdoor patio space. In the same area as Rising Tide, so not that good. A few beers on tape but cheap tasters and there were selling cans to go. Weirdly cool vibe in this place.', {'entities': [(81, 99, 'Feature'), (231, 248, 'Feature')]}), ('Typical North Davidson old light industrial turned artsy area. Great covered patio. Inside is smaller, but plenty of room. Modern/open high ceiling. Bring your own food, similar to other new tap rooms popping up.', {'entities': []}), ('The Bishop\x92s Collar is a fairly new bar, it open in 1999. Upon entering there is a nice dark wood bar on the right, it spans about half the length of the room. There are 2 Tv\x92s at each end of the bar. On the left hand wall there are a couple of tables and what appears to be a church pew. In the back area there is a small dinning area. On they have Guinness, Harp, Hiny, Yeungling, Yards, Woodchuck, Hoegaarden, John Courage, Bass, NewCastle, Anchor Steam, SN Pale ale, and Rogue. They also have a decent bottle selection.', {'entities': []}), ('My wife and I sat at the bar and enjoyed a couple of nightcaps before heading back to our hotel after a fun but hot day of doing some of the Richmond tourist stops -- FIne Arts Museum (surprisingly good) and Tredegar Iron Works and Museum (also a pleasant surprise).', {'entities': []}), ("This was my second visit to a brewery in Amsterdam (first being Heineken itself). Smaller place at the base of a windmill. Bar stools seem a bit short for the bar. Lots of tables around the bar and it's all in one medium sized room. About a dozen or so beers on tap with varying sized pours. Food is served in a separate section and it is mostly finger snacks with some sausages, too. Overall a much more craft beer type brewery and worth a visit if you need some hops.", {'entities': []}), ('Tried them on a Tuesday night, straight from the airport at around 9 PM. Parking was available right outside of the front door. I sat at the bar, there was not much of a crowd.', {'entities': []}), ('Chris at SlowBeer was about the most professional, competent, enthusiastic and genuinely passionate about beer kind of sales-person you would ever want. This small shop radiated a craft-beer-positive vibe; focusing on Australia and New Zealand, but also digging deep into the both the old & new school European brews (and a couple export-friendly American labels). Chris asked me a few questions about my tastes then started bombing me with suggestions. It was a great shopping experience and I happily shelled-out mucho dinero to both support his shop and satiate my greedy ways.', {'entities': []}), ("I visited Yeoman's while on vacation in Tampa over the 2005 winter holiday season. I was really pleased to find that a place like Yeoman's exists in Tampa as I will most certainly be making it a regular stop when I come to visit.", {'entities': []}), ('8 house brewed beers on tap and 1 rotating local cider; soft and warm industrial vibe with large window that looks down on brewery floor. Sampled 3 saisons and had the amber, ipa, and stout and they were all great. The food is absolutely OFF THE CHAIN. This is the place to take your friend who is skeptical of brewery-restaurants to permanently shut them up. I brought my mom, step-dad, and little sister and we all agreed it was in the top 2 brewery-restaurants we’ve ever been to (and I drag these guys to breweries all over the world). Great, friendly service as well. Do not miss!', {'entities': []}), ('College trip with my son. Large selection (4 pages of a specialized beer menu). Good selection of North Carolina beers as well as the well known more distributed craft brews. Both bottle and tap. Food is good burger, ribs kind of food with lots of Sports on TV. Big crowd, but wait was not bad. Prices are reasonable. A good choice if you are in the area.', {'entities': []}), ("I'm still on the fence about the Encinitas Ale House. It's no secret that the North County coastline needed a good craft brew house, but one can't help but think this place is only halfway there.", {'entities': [(115, 131, 'Feature')]}), ('Industrial warehouse type building, with a half wall dividing a taproom area from the brewing area. The wall art, chandaliers, and furniture give off a 1920s vibe. Relaxed atmosphere with some tables, chairs, small couches, pool table, and board games. The beers here are almost unarguably the best IPAs TN has to offer. The only flaw in their beers, is that they are nearly all IPAs. 8 Taps, expect 7 to be devoted to world class IPAs and 1 rotating another style such as kolch, stout, saison, pilsner, etc. If your into wild new exciting styles with adjuncts, you likely wont find it here. A new beer (or two) is released every friday at 2pm. To go beer is available in 4 packs of 16oz cans while supply lasts (usually about a week), and crowlers of whatevers on drafts. No food is available here, but food trucks do show up, and your welcome to bring your own. Bartenders always provide outstanding service.', {'entities': [(0, 20, 'Feature'), (64, 71, 'Feature'), (152, 162, 'Feature'), (164, 182, 'Feature'), (224, 234, 'Feature'), (240, 251, 'Feature'), (299, 303, 'Beer Style'), (379, 383, 'Beer Style'), (385, 391, 'Feature'), (431, 435, 'Beer Style'), (473, 478, 'Beer Style'), (480, 485, 'Beer Style'), (487, 493, 'Beer Style'), (495, 502, 'Beer Style'), (740, 748, 'Feature'), (804, 815, 'Feature'), (890, 909, 'Feature')]}), ('I was lucky enough to stop in while I was in Portland last night. Concordia is a really cool spot for some great pool and games, and also not to mention that they have a pretty nice tap list to go along with the great atmosphere. While hanging out and having a couple beers I ordered the fish and chips which happened to be amazing. The food was hot, fresh, and tasty, and also reasonably priced. Overall, I am really impressed with the Concordia Ale House and their great food and tap list. If I was living in Portland I would be almost there every weekend because of the great environment they setup for their guests. This place was definitely a great find and a great place to stop in and enjoy a good beer.', {'entities': []}), ("I don't know what else there is to say about how amazing this place is. Impressive bar. Great patio area. Unique beer list rarities and one-offs. Fantastic food. If I had to pin point any criticism...the seating is a little cramped. This is a must visit in the Twin Cities for beer and food.", {'entities': []}), ("One of the few German places in the Phoenix area, Haus Murphy's offers a good quality selection of taps. From 10 choices draft, you'll usually find some of the better offerings... Spaten Optimator, Weihnstephaner Hefe-Weizen, Warsteiner Oktoberfest, Spaten Oktoberfest and more in bottles. They have just about every Weihnstephaner bottle that is available in the local market, in addition to Guinness & the regular variety of other countries.", {'entities': []}), ("We agree this is a great chill spot. Roomy space, very pleasant. They have the TV screens but another quiet area where you can get away from them which is a blessing. The beer is above average. You have an option of a 9-oz. glass in addition to a pint, which is nice. Foodwise we had the free range chicken which was quite delicious. We shared one plate which was actually enough for two. It is fairly pricey there, and if you just start ordering willy-nilly you could wrack up quite a bill, so be careful, if you're on a budget as we are.", {'entities': []}), ("Stopped in for a beer and some pizza after 10 hours on the road. The place is hard to pigeon hole. Movies are the big theme, with an actual theater in the building. We took a table to the left of the enterence in the 'library,' book shelves and various volumes painted on the round walls. Many classics were represented along with what looked to be titles made up by employees.", {'entities': [(31, 36, 'Feature'), (99, 105, 'Feature')]}), ("It's like Disneyland for beer geeks. Great atmosphere and friendly people. Taproom is fun and full of great offerings. Free tour which was nice for novices and beer snobs alike. Will definitely revisit.", {'entities': [(75, 82, 'Feature'), (58, 66, 'Feature'), (37, 53, 'Feature'), (10, 35, 'Feature'), (86, 89, 'Feature'), (102, 117, 'Feature'), (119, 128, 'Feature'), (139, 155, 'Feature')]}), ("A great brew pub (Canada's very first brew pub) in an awesome location right on the water with a big and really nice patio. They have a great selection of beers including cask ales. I have not been there in awhile but from what I remember from my last few visits the food was also very good. And from what I can remember my favourite beer from the last time I was there was the dunkel.", {'entities': []}), ("If you live in Madison, you've probably walked past Genna's and thought it was little more than a cocktail bar filled with the countless suits who work at the Capitol. You know what I mean. And yes, I'm told that they're known for making some fine cocktails but I went in undercover and wanted to see how they were doing with beer. After all, they do advertise for the Tyrenna Brewery (Milwaukee, WI) right in their window.", {'entities': []}), ("One of the best craft beer places in Amsterdam, if not the best. 35 beers on tap, among which one can usually find some nice rarities. A very nice selection of bottled beer - a bit pricey, but you can find stuff you don't normally find in other places. Helpful and knowledgeable staff, great atmosphere. Can be a bit too crowded sometimes.", {'entities': []}), ('I did not eat or drink here, but did go here with some friedns to buy some beer in the their beer store. We were amazed at the selection. My English friend selected some English beers he has a hard time finding here. We were all very exctied as we drove home. When we got there we opened a beer and were horrified of the odor. The beer was bad. We checked the dates in the bottles, something we should have done before we biught, and were shocked to find that they were all a year or more expired. We did not take them back but we did call to complain., the guy was very aplogetic but needless to say we will not be going back anytime soon.', {'entities': []}), ("This place is the perfect spot To read a magazine and try good beer on a day off - catch me here pretty much every Wednesday / have a couple brews and walk over to slaters! I love that they have a twitter so I could kno exactly what days I should stop by to grab the fresh stuff and the stuff from stone farms . The staff is dope and they're glassware is super cheap I'm lucky I only live like 20 minutes away / growler fills are under 10 bucks .. War enjoy by! And War sublimely self righteous!", {'entities': [(18, 30, 'Feature')]}), ("Great place for beer and food. Once inside the atmosphere is difficult to top. Beer ranges in quality, but is generally very good and fairly inexpensive. Only real complaint I have about the beer is that the wider selection tends to be more in the bottle as opposed to on tap, but that's ok given that what's on tap is generally of high quality. Have frequented this place since the late 90's on through until I moved away from Rochester in 2009. My wife and I try to make it back whenever we visit.", {'entities': [(134, 152, 'Feature')]}), ('Mecklenburg Gardens is the HOME BASE for The Bier Band. The Bier Band loves Meck! Tom, Chris, Ann and the whole gang are top notch people. Look for their Bier Dinners. They are wonderfull events filled with fun from top to bottom, back to front.', {'entities': []}), ('Warm, friendly service, and since their remodel, an outstanding selection of craft beer, spirits, and wine. They carry some six packs and four packs, but most of their beer is single bottles and bombers, including several doors devoted to sours and wild ales. They have tastings on Fridays and Saturdays, and their people really know their stuff; stop in for something special or for a recommendation on something new and exciting.', {'entities': []}), ('This was a must stop on my San Diego trip, as I could hit a great brewpub and hit the beach. Parking was very difficult, but eventually I found a pay lot that had some space. The building was small, and is filled with long picnic tables which creates a communal dining and drinking experience. Some tanks are visible from behind the bar, and the kithen is open. Little bit of a dive bar feel here with all the signs and stickers on the walls, and surf boards hangong from the ceiling.', {'entities': []}), ("New job put me about 5 miles away from this place so I got a chance to try out this highly regarded store. I gotta say, this place is just gigantic. 2 long aisles and the back wall of coolers all devoted to beer. It's tough going into this place and finding a 6 pack (or two) to buy.. there's too many to choose from! I found the prices to be a little above average though, I was expecting a store like this to be on the cheaper side but it really isn't. One cool part is they have a rack in the back corner for a mix a six.... you don't get a choice of any single beer in the store to put it (they stock it with a random 30-40 beer singles of diff breweries/style) but hey, it's still pretty good.. mark up isn't too bad on these singles either. Staff seemed reasonable although I was never asked for help. Great selection, but prices seemed a tad high... also a large bottle redemption center here.", {'entities': []}), ("I don't know how many times I've had dinner here. This pub is on the back route between Gresham and Milwaukie. When my son was in roller hockey it was a weekly event to make the drive for practices and games.", {'entities': [(80, 109, 'Location')]}), ('I eat at the Federal most often for lunch. The food ranges from pretty good to exceptional. I had a brisket sandwich on sourdough the other day that was quite memorable. I also like the carnitas.', {'entities': []}), ("Been meaning to check this place out for a long time. Finally was in the area, and decided to stop in for some pints and dinner. In an old building just off the corner of Bloor and Markham, patio area out front which was closed because its January. Not very large inside, but very cozy. Lots of dark polished wood and stained glass, artwork on the walls, small booths along one wall and a very long bar. Think old school British pub going upscale. Small menu but good, not trying to do too much. I had their cheeseburger which was one of the best I've ever had, freshly made. I believe they put some curry powder in the burgers, amazing flavour. Great fries too. About 12 taps, plus a cask engine. Cask beer was very fresh, and the best shape I've ever seen this particular beer in, very nice, perfect temperatur. Prices were very reasonable. Would definately go back and recommend this place to anyone looking for Ontario microbrews.", {'entities': []}), ('This place is located in downtown Pleasanton. It has a spacious inside dining area. There is also a good size outside seating area. I brought my 3 year old son, and was promptly given a basket full of toys to keep him entertained. The walls are littered with all sorts of beer memorbilia, posters, signs and what not. The brewing equipment was slightly visible in the back.', {'entities': []}), ("Really cool selection here, but the service and who you're shopping next to are really hit and miss, but never so bad that you shouldn't go. Location amd decent prices make this one a regular visit for me, and they usually have a couple of cool new locals and a whole shelf of Bruery stuff, can't beat that.", {'entities': []}), ("I've visited here a few times while out on business in Phoenix. The atmosphere was nice and the bar well set up. Just seeing all those taps so neatly lined up will bring a smile to your face.", {'entities': [(55, 62, 'Location'), (125, 139, 'Feature')]}), ('If you want craft beer from Chicago, this is the place. The experienced staff treats you like the only customer--no matter what your craft beer experience level is. The beer tasting often available is an added bonus to shopping. The back parking lot is easy in an out. This is one to check out.', {'entities': [(12, 35, 'Feature'), (233, 249, 'Feature'), (60, 77, 'Feature')]}), ("I went here one night after getting some Mexican food at Cantina Los Caballitos. The decor is dark and moody, that allows for a patron to disappear into a shadowy corner if they don't want to be disturbed on one of those days. The real star is the great tap bottle list that they have here: there is a good variety of styles from brewers making beer throughout the country and world. For my personal tastes, I liked that they had a couple bigger beers and especially some hoppy, less available beers like Avery Maharaja.", {'entities': []}), ('If you are near the San Diego airport and have some time to kill, this is a great spot to go. Its roughly 2 miles from the rental car returns and there is another great place right across the street (Bottle Craft).', {'entities': []}), ("The Georgebrau Brauhaus is in the middle of the busy tourist district of Berlin, next to the river. With an immense seating area outside, few people are inside, although there are several dining rooms and some smaller cozy places, too. It's a busy place; you might have to wait for service...oh, and they only make one beer...Pilsner. It's pretty tasty, but it's not cheap. Although this seemed more of a tourist destination than a beer drinkers destination, it's close enough to other places that it's worth the stop.", {'entities': []}), ("C&P is in a transitional neighborhood but worth the trip. The one negative is that it's too small, arrived on a Saturday afternoon to find a short que waiting for seats. Once we were seated all was great!", {'entities': []}), ("I love this place and have been there many times. The beer selection, both draft and bottle list, is great and so is the food. All the menu items have beer integrated into the recipe in one way or another and I really enjoyed their Fahrenheit Burger. Also Also, the chicken and waffles is amazing. It's always clean and I like the modern design. The service was great and best of all the prices aren't bad. Got a pint (20 oz) of Sculpin for $6. Overall, an awesome beer fan eatery and if your in San Diego I would check it out.", {'entities': [(54, 68, 'Feature'), (350, 367, 'Feature'), (388, 405, 'Feature'), (496, 505, 'Location'), (331, 344, 'Feature')]}), ('Great beer and good value. I had the 6-beer sampler which is 6 five-ounce pours of pretty much any of the beers you want. Well, they kind of want you to have their four flagship beers in their, but you can definitely pick the remaining two. My favorite was the Aztec and the Cascadian Dark Ale.', {'entities': [(15, 25, 'Feature'), (0, 10, 'Feature'), (285, 293, 'Beer Style')]}), ("I actually haven't been to the Argonaut in several years, but it's a great beer store and it left a great impression on me. I was in Denver for GABF a few years back and a day or so after the festival I hit the Argonaut to stock up for the flight back to TX (where, sadly, we don't have access to a lot of the good stuff sold here). Rows and rows of great beers (and a nice selection of spirits as well), with a back cooler that had any style you wanted, if not every brewery. I ended up getting several singles of local stuff that were, at the time, not available in TX. The coup of the trip, of course, was a bottle of Pliny the Elder from Russian River. Hadn't had one before and sadly haven't had one since. But thanks to the Argonaut I had it at least once. That's the kind of stuff you remember about beer stores. The rare finds and the wonderful selections. And that's why I give the Argonaut such high marks. Cheers.", {'entities': []}), ("Quiet spot on a side street in downtown Walnut Creek. OL offers a well curated tap list of about 20 taps, at their bar in the back of the small shop. Unlike many tap rooms these days, they don't overload the list with a dozen IPAs. Instead, their list covers a wider range of styles than most. Bottle shop offerings tend to the upper end of the scale, with a strong representation of stouts and barrel aged labels. There is one TV in the front room, along with a selection of board games. Do yourself a favor and stop by today for a relaxing pint.", {'entities': []}), ("Burc and staff are awesome. The tap list always has a beer I'm interested in trying and the bottle selection is very good. I always find beers I'm looking for here when I can't find them elsewhere in Seattle. Crowd are friendly and beer knowledgeable folks. A great place that I always look forward to visiting.", {'entities': []}), ("Visited during the NYC Marathon. My wife was running the race, and the route passed within blocks of Brooklyn Brewery, one of my fave New World breweries. Although they weren't offering Local 1 or 2 (not really surprising),", {'entities': []}), ("I've only been to one other Mad Mex, but between the two, I prefer this one. Has a little more soul and pizazz. Sure, it's in a strip mall, basically. But once you step inside, things aren't quite so bland.", {'entities': [(95, 110, 'Feature')]}), ("In Western PA visiting the wife's fam and our daughter and I decide to go hit the local brewery. Lo and behold we come across little gem of a place outside of downtown Pittsburgh. Roundabout is a small place, but still roomy, if that makes sense. They have a good amount of seating and an almost equal-sized stand-about area. The bartenders were somewhat friendly, but they answered our questions politely and were patient. The quality was no-doubt very good. Their IPA on tap today was probably the smoothest I have ever had, I wish I could remember what it was called. Overall, It's a nice hangout place but it could get quite uncomfortable if they end up getting a large crowd.", {'entities': [(148, 178, 'Location'), (355, 363, 'Feature'), (466, 469, 'Beer Style'), (587, 599, 'Feature')]}), ("Visted Dallas for a conference and had a chance to check out the Moth on a Friday night. Parking: valet or do what we did and use the free lot a block away. Very cool exterior. We didn't have reservations, so there was a 1.5 hr wait for a table...good thing we like to eat at the bar ;-)", {'entities': []}), ("I have been wanting to visit the Stumbling Monk for years now, so now that I work in the area I made it a point to finally check the place out. I arrived shortly after opening at 6 PM and was the only guy in there for half an hour, so I had a good conversation with the staff (who'd been there since 1998 and 2001, respectively, so could be the owners for all I know). There are only about 8 taps available, but what is on tap is quite good; the bottle selection, though, is outstanding. Magnum of Rochefort? Check. 8 year verticals? Check. Sours, quads, saisons, tripels; it's a fool's paradise in there. Prices on the taps and the rarer bottles are a little on the high side, but for the most part the bottle prices are quite rasonable for a bar.", {'entities': []}), ('Rapidly becoming my favorite beer joint in LA. The shady neighborhood seems to keep out most of the douchbags and they always seem to have a handful of sours on tap. The Verdugo so far seems to be keeping the California IPA landslide at a distance and the barkeeps seem to drink what they are selling and can talk about the product. High points all around for giving a shit and especially for keeping it scuzzy.', {'entities': []}), ('I hit BSB on a sunny Denver Saturday afternoon while out on a bike ride. I\'d heard nothing but positives about these guys and my visit confirmed that. Although some would question "What\'s the deal with all of the Reds?," I assure you that each of their brews despite their similar tints, provide a rich and diverse drinking experience. I had the Rye, IPA and Porter and found every sip to be splendid. I liked the Rye so much, I bought one of their growlers to take to a birthday celebration on my next stop and no sooner than saying, "Hey, ya gotta try some of this" it disappeared instantaneously!', {'entities': []}), ("This seemed to be a popular place, as the lot was full and I had to park blocks away. I bought a flight and most were solid, but the Workhorse IPA might have been the best I tried out of the many I had on the coast. As I type this, I wish I had bought more than two bottles, as they did not last long. Place had a good neighborhood vibe, filled with locals who enjoy a good beer. I didn't have any food and am unsure they have good. The selection was ok, as it seems most if all their choices leaned on the safer side of things. I probably would stop here again... no I would because I would have to get another fresh Workhorse again.", {'entities': []}), ("Newly opened taproom a bit off the beaten path but definitely worth seeking out. Sampled 8 of the 12? beers they had on tap on our visit and all we're interesting and flavorful. A great addition to the Chicago brewery scene.", {'entities': [(13, 20, 'Feature'), (27, 46, 'Location'), (202, 209, 'Location')]}), ('If your in So Cal you gotta check this place out. Not much to look at from the outside but inside has a very fun "horror movie" theme to it. If your a fan of sour beers, this place is top notch. Great, knowledgable service too.', {'entities': [(8, 17, 'Location'), (109, 133, 'Feature'), (158, 162, 'Beer Style'), (202, 222, 'Feature')]}), ("My Wife and I stopped in here after visiting Bell's this afternoon. We weren't expecting it to be so busy, but we had no problem finding a seat at the bar. We were greeted rather promptly by a bartender, who explained their offerings. I tried their Pancakes n Hot Pants (Habanero, maple, walnut, vanilla, coffee, porter garnished with bacon), and my Wife tried their Gingerbread Porter. The Pancakes n Hot Pants was incredible, and the Gingerbread Porter was a good beer as well.", {'entities': []}), ('I admire the thinking behind the idea of placing your R&D brewery on display for the public to see in a location as prominent as Coors Field, as I think it probably adds some brewing credibility to the MolsonCoors brewing company. However, I wasn\x92t too impressed with the creativity behind the beers I had here, whose intent seemed to be fairly mass appeal. Perhaps more creativity and brewing risk-taking would be evident if this experimentation occurred behind closed doors...', {'entities': []}), ('Located in San Marcos amidst lots of good breweries, this place is a natural fit for the clientele that make the area the best beer city in the world. The usual stuffy English bar layout, lots of wood, I think when you enter, its bar to the left, dining area to the right, patio area even further to the right.', {'entities': []}), ('I\'ve been to most bars and gastro pubs in Philly and this is one of my favorite "new" bars in Philly for beers simply because the selection is outstanding and they often have hard to find beers on tap. Currently, they are serving RR Pliny the Elder and Blind Pig. I had Firestone Walker 16 Anniversary ($8) first time I was there several weeks ago. This past weekend, I had a Lost Abbey Deliverance ($8) and a RR Damnation ($6). Their website is pretty up-to-date with what they are serving so I\'m always keeping an eye out for rarer beers.', {'entities': []}), ("This was the second pub we hit on our Saturday night crawl with RobBeer. What a nice place. It looked like it's been around forever, so I was surprised to read that it was fairly new in the g0od pub guide. We had the mild, pale ale, and best bitter that I remember. All were in great condition and tasted wonderful! We also ate a late dinner here. My wife had a sandwich which was huge and I had a delicious pie as well. This place is well worth checking out or adding to a pub crawl if you're on the south side. It's not far from many of the other places one would be checking out (market porter, rake, etc.)", {'entities': [(80, 90, 'Feature'), (223, 231, 'Beer Style'), (242, 248, 'Beer Style'), (501, 511, 'Location')]}), ('Love this place! They have 5 Beers on tap and an even greater selection of bottles and cans not to mention craft spirits and cocktails. Food is phenomenal and happy hour makes it even easier to go in and eat too much.', {'entities': [(27, 41, 'Feature'), (62, 91, 'Feature'), (159, 169, 'Feature')]}), ('My family and I have been living in Newtown for almost 20 years now and growing up I have always found myself at My Place out to eat with friends, family or on my own for a drink. I know the owner pretty well, my brother used to work there as a server, as well as, help in the kitchen. I now live in Danbury, a couple towns away, and when I am in Newtown visiting family, I always make sure to stop in My Place for a beer. In my opinion, My Place has one of the best beer selections around, especially for the size of the bar that they have to work with. Visiting My Place over the past few years has inspired me to get more and more into beer and try new stuff, as well as potentially brewing my own beer down the road.', {'entities': []}), ('The atmosphere of this place is great: dimly lit surroundings, nice urban furnishings, flat screens showing sports games without being obnoxious... the whole place has an air of being a step up from the surrounding Ann Arbor bars. Also, the food is very good: a lot of great appetizers to complement your beers, or something more hearty. The presentation is amazing.', {'entities': []}), ("I love this place! I visit it about three times a month. You are going to be waiting in line for a table most of the time, especially around dinner time and on the weekends, but it is well worth it. The atmosphere is very laid back and hippie-ish. The pizza is the best I've ever had! They have some odd selections but they are awesome. My favorite is the spicy pepperoni. The beer is also great. They brew several different styles and come out with a new one every month for a limited time. I haven't tried them all but I have liked everyone I've tried. I love their porter and their stout. I have never had a problem with the service. Moose's Tooth is a great place and a must stop if you are in the Anchorage area.", {'entities': []}), ('This had decent BA reviews then I recently say it in the all about beer traveler issue ranked as the 52nd bar you have to go to, so I finally made the trip over. Two words and two phrases for you all, OVER-RATED and AVOID IT.', {'entities': []}), ("They don't just sell beer; they're smart, fun, creative and very helpful. I'd go higher than 5 on the selection if I could. Offers among the best, if not the best, selection of beers on-tap. The food is fairly basic, but good, and getting better.", {'entities': [(102, 111, 'Feature'), (158, 189, 'Feature')]}), ("Beer department has been given a nice bump. They carry much more than you'd think, including very limited brews (I've recently picked up a founders Doom, KBS, plead the fifth, you get the idea) Staff is very nice, helpful, and knowledgable. They don't gouge you either. Willing to break up 6 packs, but also have a very solid single bottle selection. This is the best shop on the north side of 270.", {'entities': [(227, 239, 'Feature'), (214, 221, 'Feature'), (363, 372, 'Feature'), (380, 397, 'Location')]}), ("After walking the Freedom Trail and doing some other walking around Boston, we found ourselves in the South End. I probably wouldn't have given this place a second look were it not for Barry's suggestion the day before.", {'entities': []}), ("Atmosphere - It's pretty much a convenience store, with a big beer and wine aisle, or at least it feels like one. Grocery store-esque, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but beer is not the center of this store.", {'entities': []}), ('Came here with a few coworkers when I was in Honolulu for a conference. Pretty fun open-air atmosphere with some seating outside as well. Most of the beer was good, I think they had 15 or so on tap. The food was also excellent!', {'entities': []}), ('Space/robot themed small place. 18 different varieties of grilled cheese, 24 taps. Owned by the same couple that owns Galaxy Hut in Arlington. Kind of small capacity is 75 people. Grilled cheese is made right behind the bar on a flat top, you can add almost everything under the sun to your sandwich. Taps rotated frequently. bottles and cans served. Opens at five.', {'entities': [(0, 18, 'Feature'), (19, 24, 'Feature'), (74, 81, 'Feature'), (151, 165, 'Feature'), (301, 324, 'Feature')]}), ("A wonderful little brewery that offers some of the best German lagers I've had, as well as some American and Belgian styles. The staff were friendly, the bar was full of cheerful regulars, and the beer was fantastic. The Dunkel and Rauchbier were highlights.", {'entities': [(56, 69, 'Beer Style'), (109, 116, 'Beer Style'), (96, 104, 'Beer Style'), (140, 148, 'Feature'), (221, 227, 'Beer Style'), (232, 241, 'Beer Style'), (2, 11, 'Feature')]}), ('Selection- about 15 beers on tap and one cask line, all american craft (Great Divine, Bear Republic, Stone, Stoudts, Southern Tier, Green Flash, Climax, Sixpoint. etc) Bottle selection was just the basics BMC, but its nice to see a place do that instead of wasting them on the tap line.', {'entities': []}), ('I tried several beers. Everything was good. Nothing was great. I went early afternoon on a saturday and the place was nearly empty. I could see how its got potential to be lively if it was more full, though. The bar staff was very friendly and helpful.', {'entities': []}), ('The name just screams English bar, and the moment you enter the front doors you\'re almost transported "across the pond" in a wave a British nostalgia. From the obligatory dartboard area to the Bangers and Mash on the menu, it\'s about as authentic England as you can get in Portland without going to...well...The Horse Brass.', {'entities': []}), ("This place is great - they have thousands of wines and beers... Literally thousands. It is a warehouse (very nice inside) of every type of beer, wine, cider, etc you can possibly think of. The staff is suprisingly very knowledgeable about the selections and if they don't know, they wont BS you and will help you find out. They also offer beer and wine tastings that I want to try out soon. If they are out, they will get more - I just wish they could order things from other distributors (b/c they dont have distribution rights for that area) but aparently it is against the law and if they can't get it, no one in the area can get it...", {'entities': []}), ('This is a cool looking place not far from Town Hall Brewing. It has a pretty extensive craft beer list, including offering flights.They have plenty Minnesota craft beer options, plus very good food.', {'entities': [(10, 28, 'Feature'), (29, 59, 'Location'), (70, 102, 'Feature'), (123, 130, 'Feature'), (158, 176, 'Feature')]}), ("I happened to walk into the Wine Emporium on my way to school from a T-stop I rarely visited. I walked in and colleague of mine from school was working and he and I spoke about beer for 10 or 15 minutes. They have a decent selection (their collection is not mind-boggling) but all of the beers they have are great and well priced. Sam Adam's Tasman Red 22 oz for 4.95. I saw beers by Dogfish Head, Uintas, Avery (unique to this store in Boston as far as I know), CBC, among others. I bought the last De Dolle Arabier (!!). Definitely a place to check it if you're looking for something uncommon and certainly priced well. I'll be back many more times.", {'entities': [(216, 232, 'Feature')]}), ("I've been a fan of Dark Horse beers for years and was very excited to check out this brewery. The space is small, with reclaimed doors as tables and tons of old posters on the walls. Classic folk and rock music played over the loud speakers. The entire low ceiling of the pub was lined with multicolored ceramic mugs, giving this place a close, but homey and rustic feel. I wish I lived close and could have my own unique mug here! While waiting for our tour I had some really good chili and sipped on the hoppy Smells Like a Safety Meeting.", {'entities': []}), ('I really enjoyed the vibe of this place - there were a lot of folks in the place when we visited (on either side of dinner on a Friday evening) and the place definitely had a vibrant energy. There were enough folks in the place to get the taps to change a couple of times when I was there. Decent tunes playing and it was at a pleasant volume which still allowed for conversation. The front third of the place is a beer shop with the remaining two thirds of the place being more of a bar.', {'entities': []}), ('I went to tellers earlier this week to try out some of the beers on tap. The restaurant is great having a room out of an old safe is cool to check out. The atmosphere was nice super laid back. I was not let down by the beer list the has Goose Island Matilda on tap so I had a few of those along with a weihenstephaner. The food was great everybody I was with ordered different things and I liked the all especially the baton rouge. Prices were a little high on entrees but I ordered a 10" pizza for 10 bucks and every one else was in the same range. Overall I enjoyed the place and I will come back to have some more beer down the road.', {'entities': []}), ('Situated in a terrific location in the popular Dupont Circle area just blocks away from metro. Scion describes itself as an "Asian Fusion" restaurant, which apparently gives the staff liberty to offer an interesting mix of dishes such as Mac and Cheese for appetizers, Kobe Beef Burgers, pasta, and a variety of fish on the same menu. It provides a bit of variety, which is a nice change of pace from other high-end looking restaurants. I understand their menu is seasonal and they also buy locally-grown vegetables when possible.', {'entities': []}), ("Having visited Thomas Liquors I am very surprised at how highly rated they are here on BA. The size of their selection is about average for what I've seen in most Twin Cities retail stores. Other than Summit, Surly, and Schell's they don't carry any breweries full line up (and they only have one of Schell's beers available in twelve pack). The only thing saving them from mediocrity is the fact that they do carry some rarer, more unique beers in their singles selection. The service on my visit was nonexistent. There were three employees at the register talking when I entered. Non of them acknowledged me the entire time I was in the store. When I went to checkout the girl who rang me up did so without saying a thing to me. Pricing isn't outrageous, but it is a bit higher than most places in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Overall, I can't see myself shopping here again. If I find myself in the area in need of beer I'll choose to spend my money at the Ale Jail just a few blocks away.", {'entities': [(421, 445, 'Feature')]}), ('Carrboro is a real cool little walking town. There are plenty of cool places to grab a beer and everything is real easy to find. This tidy little co-op is a little set back from the road at the fork but still pretty easy to find.', {'entities': [(146, 151, 'Feature'), (164, 186, 'Location')]}), ('In years of beer shopping while vacationing or traveling for work, I have learned that Rule #1 is: Buy everything you are interested in the first time you see it. You never know what the next place is going to look like.', {'entities': []}), ("I went here last week for the BNA party. Nice little setup this being a co op brewery with something like seven breweries within the walls here. The place was packed fot the party, but the staff seemed friendly and rolling with the thunder. They had food trucks setup out back, I'm not sure if thats normal but I would assume it is. I can't comment on price because I paid one fee to drink all night. Pool and Foosball tables setup, sitting area, outside space. I'd go back if in the area.", {'entities': []}), ('I just happened upon this place by chance since the AirBNB we were staying at was right down the street. We were literally on our way back to the apartment to look up a beer shop to go to.', {'entities': []}), ('Atmosphere - Pizza parlor atmosphere, complete with picnic tables and video games. Surfboards hanging from the ceiling. Small patio (with more picnik benches). Industrial looking bar. Very casual. The place always sems to be happening. Very cool!', {'entities': []}), ('The premier brewpub of Providence in my opinion. They usually have 5 or so beers on tap at Trinity and sometimes they also have a cask beer. The selection is mostly standard beers but occasionally they throw out some beers from off the beaten path. Their IPA is a decent version of this classic beer(I personally prefer a more west coast hopped version). The food selection is what you would expect to find at most brew pubs . I have had the mussels, nachos, and a pulled pork sandwich and all of which I enjoyed. My favorite beers at trinity are the Russian Imperial Stout, the White Electric Coffee Stout, and the Ripta. Great place to check out before and or after events at the Dunkin Donut center since they are so close.', {'entities': [(4, 19, 'Feature'), (23, 33, 'Location'), (67, 87, 'Feature'), (130, 139, 'Feature'), (255, 258, 'Beer Style'), (415, 424, 'Feature'), (551, 573, 'Beer Style'), (579, 606, 'Beer Style')]}), ('Upon arriving, the vibe and ambience was relaxed and open. One side was open to a railroad, the other to the street. With constant heavy metal music playing the first 1.5 hrs, it was almost mind-numbing. But once the music changed and the temperature dropped, it was perfect.', {'entities': [(41, 48, 'Feature'), (131, 148, 'Feature')]})]