Nice old fashion building. I love the door knobs for beer taps. The beer selection offers over ten taps. The bar was rented for the night for an association I belong to. There were a couple of hot banquet offerings. They were slightly different and pretty good flavor. The service was good for the event.
This place feels more like a bar than a restaurant, but they do pour their own and other it in flights. Located blocks from Petco Park with an inviting porch, it definitely caters to Padres fans and out-of-towners in for a visit. I can't say I loved the beers I had there, but the bartender was helpful an courteous and Half Door was a more than inviting place to kill a happy hour.
Old converted house in downtown with porch/ patio seating. L-shaped bar seats about 15... additional seat around. 16 beers on tap, half theirs, half local guests... nice mix. Friendly local vibe. Good service. Very tasty food.
Nice chill place, staff was really nice and helpful offered samples of their house stuff which was
really good, The house IPA was nice. Had a old hotel bar saloon feel. will revisit for sure.
Stopped by here last Monday night to try some beers. Very laid back place with upper and lower porches and bar, table and coach seating. Bar tender was very nice and offered samples right away. You can do a flight of 3-6 beers and they had everything from a wide range of styles. Everything I had was very good and most were pretty true to style. The food looked good, but as we had already eaten we did not get a chance to try it.
Tucked away in an old house near Petco. Loved the food, the beer was average at best. Their NE IPA wasn't very good, but their dark beers were worth the pour. I might go back, it's not a bad choice but in San Diego there's a lot of better places.
What a fantastic discovery on our first day in San Diego. Knowledgeable staff with put being snobby. Wonderful setting in a old Victorian house. Many of the beers were unfiltered yummy ness. Good selection of local Honda too.
I'll start off by saying I really enjoyed my visit here. It's located in a former two story house near Gaslamp District and Petco Park. They have patio seating outside with a bar area inside and tables on two levels. The atmosphere here is unique. It has a nice inviting feel. For me, it's somewhat similar to the same vibe I get when visiting Queenstown Public House near Little Italy.
The house beers were solid. I had Imperial Stout, IPA, and a Berliner Weissbier. They also had several guest beers on tap. Beer and cocktail menu in a leather portfolio. Very nice. I had their meat pie with braised short rib. Delicious! This is a nice little place. I'll be back for sure.
During my San Diego visit, I hit this place up two times. Located in a house with a nice sized porch that has plenty of seats. The bar is just inside and it is full of old wood and is dark, and gives you a cool pub feel. Definitely a younger crowd here too. There were about 10-12 brews on tap, and they covered many styles including some sours. The Double IPA and high hopped pale ales were very good. Prices are reasonable and service was good. This is a must stop for anyone visiting the downtown area.
Half Door is a recent entry to San Diego's magnificent beer scene. Located in a regular two-story clapboard house, a few blocks east of the touristy GasLight District, this place is a sheer delight. First, the building itself: an inviting house with a large terrace for outdoor dining and drinking and an upstairs balcony for the same. Inside, there is a well-polished bar amid a woody Victorian décor and bric-a-brac - and, of course, there is an actual half-door. There are about a dozen house beers along with a few guest, such as Monkey's Paw. The beers are very good (I heartily recommend the Coleman Dry Stout). Excellent service and a menu loaded with delicious food (I recommend the sausage mac-n-cheese.) 
Half-Door should be included in any Gaslight/East Village crawl - it is a few blocks from Mission Brewery, another great venue that I have reviewed recently. Hey, check them both out! UPDATE: Returned for lunch during a November 2019 visit. Still a great place with delicious food - I had the Pork Belly hash, this time.
One of my favorite stops of my San Diego trip. It was strongly recommended by others who visited and was not disappointed. Very friendly and prompt staff, solid beers and the few apps we had were amazing. Would have loved to spend more time there and would stop there again in a heartbeat.
Awesome looking corner lot building dripping with Old Southern Charm. Irish. The 2 beers I had were great for the style. Took 40 minutes to get a beer though. The waiter forgot about us. Trying to not let that one extremely disappointing aspect color my review. Would love to go here again but sit at the awesome looking bar.